at is the talk around, Huck? I’ve heard a power of it.”

“Talk? Well, it’s just Muff Potter, Muff Potter, Muff Potter all the
time. It keeps me in a sweat, constant, so’s I want to hide som’ers.”

“That’s just the same way they go on round me. I reckon he’s a goner.
Don’t you feel sorry for him, sometimes?”

“Most always—most always. He ain’t no account; but then he hain’t ever
done anything to hurt anybody. Just fishes a little, to get money to
get drunk on—and loafs around considerable; but lord, we all do
that—leastways most of us—preachers and such like. But he’s kind of
good—he give me half a fish, once, when there warn’t enough for two; and
lots of times he’s kind of stood by me when I was out of luck.”

“Well, he’s mended kites for me, Huck, and knitted hooks on to my line.
I wish we could get him out of there.”

“My! we couldn’t get him out, Tom. And besides, ’twouldn’t do any good;
they’d ketch him again.”

“Yes—so they would. But I hate to hear ’em abuse him so like the dickens
when he never done—that.”

“I do too, Tom. Lord, I hear ’em say he’s the bloodiest looking villain
in this country, and they wonder he wasn’t ever hung before.”

“Yes, they talk like that, all the time. I’ve heard ’em say that if he
was to get free they’d lynch him.”

“And they’d do it, too.”

The boys had a long talk, but it brought them little comfort. As the
twilight drew on, they found themselves hanging about the neighborhood
of the little isolated jail, perhaps with an undefined hope that
something would happen that might clear away their difficulties. But
nothing happened; there seemed to be no angels or fairies interested in
this luckless captive.

The boys did as they had often done before—went to the cell grating and
gave Potter some tobacco and matches. He was on the ground floor and
there were no guards.

His gratitude for their gifts had always smote their consciences
before—it cut deeper than ever, this time. They felt cowardly and
treacherous to the last degree when Potter said:

“You’ve been mighty good to me, boys—better’n anybody else in this town.
And I don’t forget it, I don’t. Often I says to myself, says I, ‘I used
to mend all the boys’ kites and things, and show ’em where the good
fishin’ places was, and befriend ’em what I could, and now they’ve
all forgot old Muff when he’s in trouble; but Tom don’t, and Huck
don’t—_they_ don’t forget him,’ says I, ‘and I don’t forget them.’ Well,
boys, I done an awful thing—drunk and crazy at the time—that’s the only
way I account for it—and now I got to swing for it, and it’s right.
Right, and _best_, too, I reckon—hope so, anyway. Well, we won’t talk
about that. I don’t want to make _you_ feel bad; you’ve befriended me.
But what I want to say, is, don’t _you_ ever get drunk—then you won’t
ever get here. Stand a litter furder west—so—that’s it; it’s a prime
comfort to see faces that’s friendly when a body’s in such a muck
of trouble, and there don’t none come here but yourn. Good friendly
faces—good friendly faces. Git up on one another’s backs and let me
touch ’em. That’s it. Shake hands—yourn’ll come through the bars, but
mine’s too big. Little hands, and weak—but they’ve helped Muff Potter a
power, and they’d help him more if they could.”

Tom went home miserable, and his dreams that night were full of horrors.
The next day and the day after, he hung about the courtroom, drawn by an
almost irresistible impulse to go in, but forcing himself to stay out.
Huck was having the same experience. They studiously avoided each other.
Each wandered away, from time to time, but the same dismal fascination
always brought them back presently. Tom kept his ears open when idlers
sauntered out of the courtroom, but invariably heard distressing
news—the toils were closing more and more relentlessly around poor
Potter. At the end of the second day the village talk was to the effect
that Injun Joe’s evidence stood firm and unshaken, and that there was
not the slightest question as to what the jury’s verdict would be.

Tom was out late, that night, and came to bed through the window. He
was in a tremendous state of excitement. It was