it-case,” said Anthony solemnly. “You shall each have a
piece of it.”

Winkle immediately let out a Wild Indian yell of satisfaction.

“We’ll have to go and get washed, I suppose,” said Guggle gloomily.
“You will come to tea, won’t you? You won’t forget?”

Anthony swore solemnly that nothing should prevent his keeping the
engagement. Satisfied, the youthful pair beat a retreat towards the
house. Anthony stood for a minute looking after them, and, as he did
so, he became aware of a man leaving the other side of a little copse
of trees and hurrying away across the park. He felt almost sure that it
was the same black-bearded stranger he had encountered that morning.
Whilst he was hesitating whether to go after him or not the trees just
ahead of him were parted and Mr. Hiram Fish stepped out into the open.
He stared slightly when he saw Anthony.

“A peaceful afternoon, Mr. Fish?” inquired the latter.

“I thank you, yes.”

Mr. Fish did not look as peaceful as usual, however. His face was
flushed, and he was breathing hard as though he had been running. He
drew out his watch and consulted it.

“I guess,” he said softly, “it’s just about time for your British
institution of afternoon tea.”

Closing his watch with a snap, Mr. Fish ambled gently away in the
direction of the house.

Anthony stood in a brown study and awoke with a start to the fact that
Superintendent Battle was standing beside him. Not the faintest sound
had heralded his approach, and he seemed literally to have materialized
from space.

“Where did you spring from?” asked Anthony irritably.

With a slight jerk of his head, Battle indicated the little copse of
trees behind them.

“It seems a popular spot this afternoon,” remarked Anthony.

“You were very lost in thought, Mr. Cade?”

“I was indeed. Do you know what I was doing, Battle? I was trying to
put two and one and five and three together so as to make four. And it
can’t be done, Battle, it simply can’t be done.”

“There’s difficulties that way,” agreed the detective.

“But you’re just the man I wanted to see. Battle, I want to go away.
Can it be done?”

True to his creed, Superintendent Battle showed neither emotion nor
surprise. His reply was easy and matter of fact.

“That depends, sir, as to where you want to go.”

“I’ll tell you exactly, Battle. I’ll lay my cards upon the table.
I want to go to Dinard, to the Chateau of Madame la Comtesse de
Breteuil. Can it be done?”

“When do you want to go, Mr. Cade?”

“Say to-morrow after the inquest. I could be back here by Sunday
evening.”

“I see,” said the superintendent, with peculiar solidity.

“Well, what about it?”

“I’ve no objection, provided you go where you say you’re going, and
come straight back here.”

“You’re a man in a thousand, Battle. Either you have taken an
extraordinary fancy to me or else you’re extraordinarily deep. Which is
it?”

Superintendent Battle smiled a little, but did not answer.

“Well, well,” said Anthony, “I expect you’ll take your precautions.
Discreet minions of the law will follow my suspicious footsteps. So be
it. But I do wish I knew what it was all about.”

“I don’t get you, Mr. Cade.”

“The Memoirs—what all the fuss is about. Were they only Memoirs? Or
have you got something up your sleeve?”

Battle smiled again.

“Take it like this. I’m doing you a favour because you’ve made a
favourable impression on me, Mr. Cade. I’d like you to work in with
me over this case. The amateur and the professional, they go well
together. The one has the intimacy, so to speak, and the other the
experience.”

“Well,” said Anthony slowly, “I don’t mind admitting that I’ve always
wanted to try my hand at unravelling a murder mystery.”

“Any ideas about the case at all, Mr. Cade?”

“Plenty of them,” said Anthony. “But they’re mostly questions.”

“As, for instance?”

“Who steps into the murdered Michael’s shoes? It seems to me that that
is important?”

A rather wry smile came over Superintendent Battle’s face.

“I wondered if you’d think of that, sir. Prince Nicolas Obolovitch is
the next heir—first cousin of this gentleman.”

“And where is he at the present moment?” asked Anthony, turning away
to light a cigarette. “Don’t tell me you don’t know, Battle, because I
shan’t believe you.”

“We’ve reason to believe that he’s in the United States. He was until
quite lately, at all events. Raising money on his expectations.”

Anthony gave vent to a surprised whistle.

“I get you,” said Anthony. “Michael was backe