ification.”

“Ah!” cried the Baron. “The fingerprints. The Bertillon measurements
that that scoundrel talked about?”

“It was a clever idea,” said Anthony. “I admired it so much that I
felt forced to play up. Besides, my doing so puzzled the false Lemoine
enormously. You see, as soon as I had given the tip about the ‘rows’
and where the jewel really was, he was keen to pass on the news to
his accomplice, and at the same time to keep us all in that room. The
note was really to Mademoiselle Brun. He told Tredwell to deliver it
at once, and Tredwell did so by taking it upstairs to the schoolroom.
Lemoine accused me of being King Victor, by that means creating a
diversion and preventing anyone from leaving the room. By the time all
that had been cleared up and we adjourned to the library to look for
the stone, he flattered himself that the stone would be no longer
there to find!”

George cleared his throat.

“I must say, Mr. Cade,” he said pompously, “that I consider your
action in that matter highly reprehensible. If the slightest hitch had
occurred in your plans, one of our national possessions might have
disappeared beyond the hope of recovery. It was foolhardy, Mr. Cade,
reprehensibly foolhardy.”

“I guess you haven’t tumbled to the little idea, Mr. Lomax,” said the
drawling voice of Mr. Fish. “That historic diamond was never behind the
books in the library.”

“Never?”

“Not on your life.”

“You see,” explained Anthony, “that little device of Count Stylptitch’s
stood for what it had originally stood for—a Rose. When that dawned
upon me on Monday afternoon, I went straight to the Rose Garden. Mr.
Fish had already tumbled to the same idea. If, standing with your back
to the sundial, you take seven paces straight forward, then eight to
the left and three to the right, you come to some bushes of a bright
red rose called Richmond. The house has been ransacked to find the
hiding-place, but nobody has thought of digging in the garden. I
suggest a little digging party to-morrow morning.”

“Then the story about the books in the library—”

“An invention of mine to trap the lady. Mr. Fish kept watch on the
terrace, and whistled when the psychological moment had arrived. I may
say that Mr. Fish and I established martial law at the Dover house, and
prevented the Comrades from communicating with the false Lemoine. He
sent them an order to clear out, and word was conveyed to him that this
had been done. So he went happily ahead with his plans for denouncing
me.”

“Well, well,” said Lord Caterham cheerfully, “everything seems to have
been cleared up most satisfactorily.”

“Everything but one thing,” said Mr. Isaacstein.

“What is that?”

The great financier looked steadily at Anthony.

“What did you get me down here for? Just to assist at a dramatic scene
as an interested onlooker.”

Anthony shook his head.

“No, Mr. Isaacstein. You are a busy man whose time is money. Why did
you come down here originally?”

“To negotiate a loan.”

“With whom?”

“Prince Michael of Herzoslovakia.”

“Exactly. Prince Michael is dead. Are you prepared to offer the same
loan on the same terms to his cousin Nicholas?”

“Can you produce him? I thought he was killed in the Congo?”

“He was killed all right. I killed him. Oh, no, I’m not a murderer.
When I say I killed him, I mean that I spread the report of his death.
I promised you a Prince, Mr. Isaacstein. Will _I_ do?”

“You?”

“Yes, I’m the man. Nicholas Sergius Alexander Ferdinand Obolovitch.
Rather long for the kind of life I proposed to live, so I emerged from
the Congo as plain Anthony Cade.”

Little Captain Andrassy sprang up.

“But this is incredible—incredible,” he spluttered. “Have a care, sir,
what you say.”

“I can give you plenty of proofs,” said Anthony quietly. “I think I
shall be able to convince the Baron here.”

The Baron lifted his hand.

“Your proofs I will examine, yes. But of them for me there is no need.
Your word alone sufficient for me is. Besides, your English mother you
much resemble. All along have I said: ‘This young man on one side or
the other most highly born is’.”

“You have always trusted my word, Baron,” said Anthony. “I can assure
you that in the days to come I shall not forget.”

Then he looked over at Superintendent Battle whose face had remained
perfectly expressionless.

“You can understand,” said Anthony with a smile, “that my position
has been extremely precarious. Of all those in the house I might
be supposed to have the best reason