s,’”
he murmured at last.

“I beg your pardon, Mr. Cade?”

“Nothing, superintendent. Forgive my abstraction. You see, I—or rather
my friend, Jimmy McGrath, has been very neatly done out of a thousand
pounds.”

“A thousand pounds is a nice sum of money,” said Battle.

“It isn’t the thousand pounds so much,” said Anthony, “though I agree
with you that it’s a nice sum of money. It’s being done that maddens
me. I handed over that manuscript like a little woolly lamb. It hurts,
superintendent, indeed it hurts.”

The detective said nothing.

“Well, well,” said Anthony. “Regrets are vain, and all may not yet be
lost. I’ve only got to get hold of dear old Stylptitch’s Reminiscences
between now and next Wednesday and all will be gas and gaiters.”

“Would you mind coming back to the Council Chamber, Mr. Cade? There’s
one little thing I want to point out to you.”

Back in the Council Chamber, the detective strode over at once to the
middle window.

“I’ve been thinking, Mr. Cade. This particular window is very stiff,
very stiff indeed. You might have been mistaken in thinking that it was
fastened. It might just have stuck. I’m sure—yes, I’m almost sure,
that you _were_ mistaken.”

Anthony eyed him keenly.

“And supposing I say that I’m quite sure I was not?”

“Don’t you think you could have been?” said Battle, looking at him very
steadily.

“Well, to oblige you, superintendent, yes.”

Battle smiled in a satisfied fashion.

“You’re quick in the uptake, sir. And you’ll have no objection to
saying so, careless like, at a suitable moment?”

“None whatever. I——”

He paused, as Battle gripped his arm. The superintendent was bent
forward, listening.

Enjoining silence on Anthony with a gesture, he tiptoed noiselessly to
the door, and flung it suddenly open.

On the threshold stood a tall man with black hair neatly parted in the
middle, china blue eyes with a particularly innocent expression, and a
large placid face.

“Your pardon, gentlemen,” he said in a slow drawling voice with a
pronounced transatlantic accent. “But is it permitted to inspect the
scene of the crime? I take it that you are both gentlemen from Scotland
Yard?”

“I have not that honour,” said Anthony. “But this gentleman is
Superintendent Battle of Scotland Yard.”

“Is that so?” said the American gentleman, with a great appearance of
interest. “Pleased to meet you, sir. My name is Hiram P. Fish, of New
York City.”

“What was it you wanted to see, Mr. Fish?” asked the detective.

The American walked gently into the room, and looked with much interest
at the dark patch on the floor.

“I am interested in crime, Mr. Battle. It is one of my hobbies. I have
contributed a monograph to one of our weekly periodicals on the subject
‘Degeneracy and the Criminal.’”

As he spoke, his eyes went gently round the room, seeming to note
everything in it. They rested just a shade longer on the window.

“The body,” said Superintendent Battle, stating a self-evident fact,
“has been removed.”

“Surely,” said Mr. Fish. His eyes went on to the panelled walls.
“Some remarkable pictures in this room, gentlemen. A Holbein, two
Van Dycks, and, if I am not mistaken, a Velasquez. I am interested
in pictures—and likewise in first editions. It was to see his first
editions that Lord Caterham was so kind as to invite me down here.”

He sighed gently.

“I guess that’s all off now. It would show a proper feeling I suppose,
for the guests to return to town immediately?”

“I’m afraid that can’t be done, sir,” said Superintendent Battle.
“Nobody must leave the house until after the inquest.”

“Is that so? And when is the inquest?”

“May be to-morrow, may not be until Monday. We’ve got to arrange for
the autopsy and see the Coroner.”

“I get you,” said Mr. Fish. “Under the circumstances, though, it will
be a melancholy party.”

Battle led the way to the door.

“We’d best get out of here,” he said. “We’re keeping it locked still.”

He waited for the other two to pass through, and then turned the key
and removed it.

“I opine,” said Mr. Fish, “that you are seeking for fingerprints?”

“Maybe,” said the superintendent laconically.

“I should say to that, on a night such as last night, an intruder would
have left footprints on the hardwood floor.”

“None inside, plenty outside.”

“Mine,” explained Anthony cheerfully.

The innocent eyes of Mr. Fish swept over him.

“Young man,” he said, “you surprise me.”

They turned a corner, and came out into the big wide hall, pane