eflections grew oppressive. He must force some talk. So he said in a
whisper:

“Hucky, do you believe the dead people like it for us to be here?”

Huckleberry whispered:

“I wisht I knowed. It’s awful solemn like, _ain’t_ it?”

“I bet it is.”

There was a considerable pause, while the boys canvassed this matter
inwardly. Then Tom whispered:

“Say, Hucky—do you reckon Hoss Williams hears us talking?”

“O’ course he does. Least his sperrit does.”

Tom, after a pause:

“I wish I’d said Mister Williams. But I never meant any harm. Everybody
calls him Hoss.”

“A body can’t be too partic’lar how they talk ’bout these-yer dead
people, Tom.”

This was a damper, and conversation died again.

Presently Tom seized his comrade’s arm and said:

“Sh!”

“What is it, Tom?” And the two clung together with beating hearts.

“Sh! There ’tis again! Didn’t you hear it?”

“I—”

“There! Now you hear it.”

“Lord, Tom, they’re coming! They’re coming, sure. What’ll we do?”

“I dono. Think they’ll see us?”

“Oh, Tom, they can see in the dark, same as cats. I wisht I hadn’t
come.”

“Oh, don’t be afeard. I don’t believe they’ll bother us. We ain’t doing
any harm. If we keep perfectly still, maybe they won’t notice us at
all.”

“I’ll try to, Tom, but, Lord, I’m all of a shiver.”

“Listen!”

The boys bent their heads together and scarcely breathed. A muffled
sound of voices floated up from the far end of the graveyard.

“Look! See there!” whispered Tom. “What is it?”

“It’s devil-fire. Oh, Tom, this is awful.”

Some vague figures approached through the gloom, swinging an
old-fashioned tin lantern that freckled the ground with innumerable
little spangles of light. Presently Huckleberry whispered with a
shudder:

“It’s the devils sure enough. Three of ’em! Lordy, Tom, we’re goners!
Can you pray?”

“I’ll try, but don’t you be afeard. They ain’t going to hurt us. ‘Now I
lay me down to sleep, I—’”

“Sh!”

“What is it, Huck?”

“They’re _humans_! One of ’em is, anyway. One of ’em’s old Muff Potter’s
voice.”

“No—’tain’t so, is it?”

“I bet I know it. Don’t you stir nor budge. He ain’t sharp enough to
notice us. Drunk, the same as usual, likely—blamed old rip!”

“All right, I’ll keep still. Now they’re stuck. Can’t find it. Here they
come again. Now they’re hot. Cold again. Hot again. Red hot! They’re
p’inted right, this time. Say, Huck, I know another o’ them voices; it’s
Injun Joe.”

“That’s so—that murderin’ half-breed! I’d druther they was devils a dern
sight. What kin they be up to?”

The whisper died wholly out, now, for the three men had reached the
grave and stood within a few feet of the boys’ hiding-place.

“Here it is,” said the third voice; and the owner of it held the lantern
up and revealed the face of young Doctor Robinson.

Potter and Injun Joe were carrying a handbarrow with a rope and a couple
of shovels on it. They cast down their load and began to open the grave.
The doctor put the lantern at the head of the grave and came and sat
down with his back against one of the elm trees. He was so close the
boys could have touched him.

“Hurry, men!” he said, in a low voice; “the moon might come out at any
moment.”

They growled a response and went on digging. For some time there was no
noise but the grating sound of the spades discharging their freight of
mould and gravel. It was very monotonous. Finally a spade struck upon
the coffin with a dull woody accent, and within another minute or two
the men had hoisted it out on the ground. They pried off the lid with
their shovels, got out the body and dumped it rudely on the ground. The
moon drifted from behind the clouds and exposed the pallid face.
The barrow was got ready and the corpse placed on it, covered with a
blanket, and bound to its place with the rope. Potter took out a large
spring-knife and cut off the dangling end of the rope and then said:

“Now the cussed thing’s ready, Sawbones, and you’ll just out with
another five, or here she stays.”

“That’s the talk!” said Injun Joe.

“Look here, what does this mean?” said the doctor. “You required your
pay in advance, and I’ve paid you.”
