 sneaked off—suspicious circumstances, especially the washing
which was not a habit with Potter. It was also said that the town had
been ransacked for this “murderer” (the public are not slow in the
matter of sifting evidence and arriving at a verdict), but that he
could not be found. Horsemen had departed down all the roads in every
direction, and the Sheriff “was confident” that he would be captured
before night.

All the town was drifting toward the graveyard. Tom’s heartbreak
vanished and he joined the procession, not because he would not
a thousand times rather go anywhere else, but because an awful,
unaccountable fascination drew him on. Arrived at the dreadful place, he
wormed his small body through the crowd and saw the dismal spectacle.
It seemed to him an age since he was there before. Somebody pinched
his arm. He turned, and his eyes met Huckleberry’s. Then both looked
elsewhere at once, and wondered if anybody had noticed anything in their
mutual glance. But everybody was talking, and intent upon the grisly
spectacle before them.

“Poor fellow!” “Poor young fellow!” “This ought to be a lesson to grave
robbers!” “Muff Potter’ll hang for this if they catch him!” This was the
drift of remark; and the minister said, “It was a judgment; His hand is
here.”

Now Tom shivered from head to heel; for his eye fell upon the stolid
face of Injun Joe. At this moment the crowd began to sway and struggle,
and voices shouted, “It’s him! it’s him! he’s coming himself!”

“Who? Who?” from twenty voices.

“Muff Potter!”

“Hallo, he’s stopped!—Look out, he’s turning! Don’t let him get away!”

People in the branches of the trees over Tom’s head said he wasn’t
trying to get away—he only looked doubtful and perplexed.

“Infernal impudence!” said a bystander; “wanted to come and take a quiet
look at his work, I reckon—didn’t expect any company.”

The crowd fell apart, now, and the Sheriff came through, ostentatiously
leading Potter by the arm. The poor fellow’s face was haggard, and
his eyes showed the fear that was upon him. When he stood before the
murdered man, he shook as with a palsy, and he put his face in his hands
and burst into tears.

“I didn’t do it, friends,” he sobbed; “’pon my word and honor I never
done it.”

“Who’s accused you?” shouted a voice.

This shot seemed to carry home. Potter lifted his face and looked around
him with a pathetic hopelessness in his eyes. He saw Injun Joe, and
exclaimed:

“Oh, Injun Joe, you promised me you’d never—”

“Is that your knife?” and it was thrust before him by the Sheriff.

Potter would have fallen if they had not caught him and eased him to the
ground. Then he said:

“Something told me ’t if I didn’t come back and get—” He shuddered; then
waved his nerveless hand with a vanquished gesture and said, “Tell ’em,
Joe, tell ’em—it ain’t any use any more.”

Then Huckleberry and Tom stood dumb and staring, and heard the
stony-hearted liar reel off his serene statement, they expecting every
moment that the clear sky would deliver God’s lightnings upon his head,
and wondering to see how long the stroke was delayed. And when he had
finished and still stood alive and whole, their wavering impulse to
break their oath and save the poor betrayed prisoner’s life faded and
vanished away, for plainly this miscreant had sold himself to Satan and
it would be fatal to meddle with the property of such a power as that.

“Why didn’t you leave? What did you want to come here for?” somebody
said.

“I couldn’t help it—I couldn’t help it,” Potter moaned. “I wanted to
run away, but I couldn’t seem to come anywhere but here.” And he fell to
sobbing again.

Injun Joe repeated his statement, just as calmly, a few minutes
afterward on the inquest, under oath; and the boys, seeing that the
lightnings were still withheld, were confirmed in their belief that
Joe had sold himself to the devil. He was now become, to them, the most
balefully interesting object they had ever looked upon, and they could
not take their fascinated eyes from his face.

They inwardly resolved to watch him nights, when opportunity should
offer, in the hope of getting a g