

“What should they want to steal a mouldy old suit of armour for? Why,
Chimneys is full of treasures that are much easier to take away.”

Bill shook his head.

“How many of them are there?” he asked, taking a firmer grip of his
poker.

“I couldn’t see properly. You know what a keyhole is. And they only had
a flashlight.”

“I expect they’ve gone by now,” said Bill hopefully.

He sat down on the bottom stair and drew off his boots. Then, holding
them in his hand, he crept along the passage that led to the Council
Chamber, Virginia close behind him. They halted outside the massive oak
door. All was silent within, but suddenly Virginia pressed his arm, and
he nodded. A bright light had shown for a minute through the keyhole.

Bill went down on his knees, and applied his eye to the orifice. What
he saw was confusing in the extreme. The scene of the drama that was
being enacted inside was evidently just to the left, out of his line
of vision. A subdued chink every now and then seemed to point to the
fact that the invaders were still dealing with the figure in armour.
There were two of these, Bill remembered. They stood together by the
wall just under the Holbein portrait. The light of the electric torch
was evidently being directed upon the operations in progress. It
left the rest of the room nearly in darkness. Once a figure flitted
across Bill’s line of vision, but there was not sufficient light to
distinguish anything about it. It might have been that of a man or a
woman. In a minute or two it flitted back again and then the subdued
chinking sounded again. Presently there came a new sound, a faint
tap-tap as of knuckles on wood.

Bill sat back on his heels suddenly.

“What is it?” whispered Virginia.

“Nothing. It’s no good going on like this. We can’t see anything, and
we can’t guess what they’re up to. I must go in and tackle them.”

He drew on his boots and stood up.

“Now, Virginia, listen to me. We’ll open the door as softly as
possible. You know where the switch of the electric light is?”

“Yes, just by the door.”

“I don’t think there are more than two of them. There may be only one.
I want to get well into the room. Then, when I say ‘Go’ I want you to
switch on the lights. Do you understand?”

“Perfectly.”

“And don’t scream or faint or anything. I won’t let anyone hurt you.”

“My hero!” murmured Virginia.

Bill peered at her suspiciously through the darkness. He heard a faint
sound which might have been either a sob or a laugh. Then he grasped
the poker firmly and rose to his feet. He felt that he was fully alive
to the situation.

Very softly he turned the handle of the door. It yielded and swung
gently inwards. Bill felt Virginia close beside him. Together they
moved noiselessly into the room.

At the farther end of the room, the torch was playing upon the Holbein
picture. Silhouetted against it was the figure of a man, standing on a
chair and gently tapping on the panelling! His back, of course, was to
them, and he merely loomed up as a monstrous shadow.

What more they might have seen cannot be told, for at that moment
Bill’s nails squeaked upon the parquet floor. The man swung round,
directing the powerful torch full upon them and almost dazzling them
with the sudden glare.

Bill did not hesitate.

“Go,” he roared to Virginia, and sprang for his man, as she obediently
pressed down the switch of the electric lights.

The big chandelier should have been flooded with light; but, instead,
all that happened was the click of the switch. The room remained in
darkness.

Virginia heard Bill curse freely. The next minute the air was filled
with panting, scuffling sounds. The torch had fallen to the ground and
extinguished itself in the fall. There was the sound of a desperate
struggle going on in the darkness, but as to who was getting the better
of it, and indeed as to who was taking part in it, Virginia had no
idea. Had there been anyone else in the room besides the man who was
tapping the panelling? There might have been. Their glimpse had been
only a momentary one.

Virginia felt paralysed. She hardly knew what to do. She dared not try
and join in the struggle. To do so might hamper and not aid Bill. Her
one idea was to stay in the doorway, so that anyone trying to escape
should not leave the room that way. At the same time, she disobeyed
Bill’s express instructions and screamed loudly and repeatedly for help.

She heard doors opening upstairs, and a sudden gleam of light from the
hall and th