ir by the fireplace. He
was dressed in very correct English shooting clothes which nevertheless
sat strangely upon him. He had a fat yellow face, and black eyes, as
impenetrable as those of a cobra. There was a generous curve to the big
nose and power in the square lines of the vast jaw.

“Come in, Battle,” said Lomax irritably. “And shut the door behind
you. This is Mr. Herman Isaacstein.”

Battle inclined his head respectfully.

He knew all about Mr. Herman Isaacstein, and though the great financier
sat there silent, whilst Lomax strode up and down and talked, he knew
who was the real power in the room.

“We can speak more freely now,” said Lomax. “Before Lord Caterham and
Colonel Melrose, I was anxious not to say too much. You understand,
Battle? These things mustn’t get about.”

“Ah!” said Battle. “But they always do, more’s the pity.”

Just for a second he saw a trace of a smile on the fat yellow face. It
disappeared as suddenly as it had come.

“Now what do you really think of this young fellow—this Anthony Cade?”
continued George. “Do you still assume him to be innocent?”

Battle shrugged his shoulders very slightly.

“He tells a straight story. Part of it we shall be able to verify.
On the face of it, it accounts for his presence here last night. I
shall cable to South Africa, of course, for information about his
antecedents.”

“Then you regard him as cleared of all complicity?”

Battle raised a large square hand.

“Not so fast, sir. I never said that.”

“What is your own idea about the crime, Superintendent Battle?” asked
Isaacstein, speaking for the first time.

His voice was deep and rich, and had a certain compelling quality about
it. It had stood him in good stead at board meetings in his younger
days.

“It’s rather too soon to have ideas, Mr. Isaacstein. I’ve not got
beyond asking myself the first question.”

“What is that?”

“Oh, it’s always the same. Motive. Who benefits by the death of Prince
Michael? We’ve got to answer that before we can get anywhere.”

“The Revolutionary party of Herzoslovakia——” began George.

Superintendent Battle waved him aside with something less than his
usual respect.

“It wasn’t the Comrades of the Red Hand, sir, if you’re thinking of
them.”

“But the paper—with the scarlet hand on it?”

“Put there to suggest the obvious solution.”

George’s dignity was a little ruffled.

“Really, Battle, I don’t see how you can be so sure of that.”

“Bless you, Mr. Lomax, we know all about the Comrades of the Red Hand.
We’ve had our eye on them ever since Prince Michael landed in England.
That sort of thing is the elementary work of the department. They’d
never be allowed to get within a mile of him.”

“I agree with Superintendent Battle,” said Isaacstein. “We must look
elsewhere.”

“You see, sir,” said Battle, encouraged by his support, “we do know a
little about the case. If we don’t know who gains by his death, we do
know who loses by it.”

“Meaning?” said Isaacstein.

His black eyes were bent upon the detective. More than ever, he
reminded Battle of a hooded cobra.

“You and Mr. Lomax, not to mention the Loyalist party of Herzoslovakia.
If you’ll pardon the expression, sir, you’re in the soup.”

“Really, Battle,” interposed George, shocked to the core.

“Go on, Battle,” said Isaacstein. “In the soup describes the situation
very accurately. You’re an intelligent man.”

“You’ve got to have a King. You’ve lost your King—like that!” He
snapped his large fingers. “You’ve got to find another in a hurry, and
that’s not an easy job. No, I don’t want to know the details of your
scheme, the bare outline is enough for me, but, I take it, it’s a big
deal?”

Isaacstein bent his head slowly.

“It’s a very big deal.”

“That brings me to my second question. Who is the next heir to the
throne of Herzoslovakia?”

Isaacstein looked across at Lomax. The latter answered the question,
with a certain reluctance, and a good deal of hesitation:

“That would be—I should say—yes, in all probability Prince Nicholas
would be the next heir.”

“Ah!” said Battle. “And who is Prince Nicholas?”

“A first cousin of Prince Michael’s.”

“Ah!” said Battle. “I should like to hear all about Prince Nicholas,
especially where he is at present.”

“Nothing much is known of him,” said Lomax. “As a young man, he was
most peculiar in his ideas, consorted with Socialists and Republicans,
and acted in a way highly unbecoming to his position. He was sent down
from Oxford, I believe, for some w