
these public men. They make their wretched secretaries get up at the
most unearthly hours in order to dictate rubbish to them. If a law was
passed compelling them to stop in bed until eleven, what a benefit it
would be to the nation! I wouldn’t mind so much if they didn’t talk
such balderdash. Lomax is always talking to me of my ‘position.’ As if
I had any. Who wants to be a peer nowadays?”

“Nobody,” said Bundle. “They’d much rather keep a prosperous public
house.”

Tredwell reappeared silently with two poached eggs in a little silver
dish which he placed on the table in front of Lord Caterham.

“What’s that, Tredwell?” said the latter, looking at them with faint
distaste.

“Poached eggs, my lord.”

“I hate poached eggs,” said Lord Caterham peevishly. “They’re so
insipid. I don’t like to look at them even. Take them away, will you,
Tredwell?”

“Very good, my lord.”

Tredwell and the poached eggs withdrew as silently as they came.

“Thank God no one gets up early in this house,” remarked Lord Caterham
devoutly. “We shall have to break this to them when they do, I suppose.”

He sighed.

“I wonder who murdered him,” said Bundle. “And why?”

“That’s not our business, thank goodness,” said Lord Caterham. “That’s
for the police to find out. Not that Badgworthy will ever find out
anything. On the whole I rather hope it was Nosystein.”

“Meaning——”

“The All British Syndicate.”

“Why should Mr. Isaacstein murder him when he’d come down here on
purpose to meet him?”

“High finance,” said Lord Caterham vaguely. “And that reminds me, I
shouldn’t be at all surprised if Isaacstein wasn’t an early riser. He
may blow in upon us at any minute. It’s a habit in the city. I believe
that, however rich you are, you always catch the 9.17.”

The sound of a motor being driven at great speed was heard through the
open window.

“Codders,” cried Bundle.

Father and daughter leaned out of the window and hailed the occupant of
the car as it drew up before the entrance.

“In here, my dear fellow, in here,” cried Lord Caterham, hastily
swallowing his mouthful of ham.

George had no intention of climbing in through the window. He
disappeared through the front door, and reappeared ushered in by
Tredwell, who withdrew at once.

“Have some breakfast,” said Lord Caterham, shaking him by the hand.
“What about a kidney?”

George waved the kidney aside impatiently.

“This is a terrible calamity, terrible, terrible.”

“It is indeed. Some haddock?”

“No, no. It must be hushed up—at all costs it must be hushed up.”

As Bundle had prophesied, George began to splutter.

“I understand your feelings,” said Lord Caterham sympathetically. “Try
an egg and bacon, or some haddock.”

“A totally unforeseen contingency—national calamity—concessions
jeopardized——”

“Take time,” said Lord Caterham. “And take some food. What you need
is some food, to pull you together. Poached eggs now? There were some
poached eggs here a minute or two ago.”

“I don’t want any food,” said George. “I’ve had breakfast, and even if
I hadn’t had any I shouldn’t want it. We must think what is to be done.
You have told no one as yet?”

“Well, there’s Bundle and myself. And the local police. And Cartwright.
And all the servants of course.”

George groaned.

“Pull yourself together, my dear fellow,” said Lord Caterham kindly.
“(I wish you’d have some breakfast.) You don’t seem to realize that
you can’t hush up a dead body. It’s got be buried and all that sort of
thing. Very unfortunate, but there it is.”

George became suddenly calm.

“You are right, Caterham. You have called in the local police, you say?
That will not do. We must have Battle.”

“Battle, murder and sudden death,” inquired Lord Caterham, with a
puzzled face.

“No, no, you misunderstand me. I referred to Superintendent Battle of
Scotland Yard. A man of the utmost discretion. He worked with us in
that deplorable business of the Party Funds.”

“What was that?” asked Lord Caterham, with some interest.

But George’s eye had fallen upon Bundle, as she sat half in and half
out of the window, and he remembered discretion just in time. He rose.

“We must waste no time. I must send off some wires at once.”

“If you write them out, Bundle will send them through the telephone.”

George pulled out a fountain pen and began to write with incredible
rapidity. He handed the first one to Bundle, who read it with a great
deal of interest.

“God! what a name,” she remarked. “Baron How Much?”

“Baron Lolop