Victor was arrested in Paris three days after the—disappearance,
if I may call it that, of the K. It was always hoped that he would some
day lead us to the jewel.”

“But Chimneys has been ransacked and overhauled a dozen times.”

“Yes,” said Battle sapiently. “But it’s never much good looking when
you don’t know where to look. Only suppose now, that this King Victor
came here to look for the thing, was surprised by Prince Michael, and
shot him.”

“It’s possible,” said George. “A most likely solution of the crime.”

“I wouldn’t go as far as that. It’s possible, but not much more.”

“Why is that?”

“Because King Victor has never been known to take a life,” said Battle
seriously.

“Oh, but a man like that—a dangerous criminal——”

But Battle shook his head in a dissatisfied manner.

“Criminals always act true to type, Mr. Lomax. It’s surprising. All the
same——”

“Yes?”

“I’d rather like to question the Prince’s servant. I’ve left him
purposely to the last. We’ll have him in here, sir, if you don’t mind.”

George signified his assent. The superintendent rang the bell. Tredwell
answered it, and departed with his instructions.

He returned shortly accompanied by a tall fair man with high
cheek-bones, and very deep-set blue eyes, and an impassivity of
countenance which almost rivalled Battle’s.

“Boris Anchoukoff?”

“Yes.”

“You were valet to Prince Michael?”

“I was His Highness’s valet, yes.”

The man spoke good English, though with a markedly harsh foreign accent.

“You know that your master was murdered last night?”

A deep snarl, like the snarl of a wild beast, was the man’s only
answer. It alarmed George, who withdrew prudently towards the window.

“When did you see your master last?”

“His Highness retired to bed at half-past ten. I slept, as always,
in the ante-room next to him. He must have gone down to the room
downstairs by the other door, the door that gave on to the corridor.
I did not hear him go. It may be that I was drugged. I have been an
unfaithful servant, I slept while my master woke. I am accursed.”

George gazed at him, fascinated.

“You loved your master, eh?” said Battle, watching the man closely.

Boris’s features contracted painfully. He swallowed twice. Then his
voice came, harsh with emotion.

“I say this to you, English Policeman, I would have died for him! And
since he is dead, and I still live, my eyes shall not know sleep, or
my heart rest, until I have avenged him. Like a dog will I nose out
his murderer and when I have discovered him—— Ah!” His eyes lit up.
Suddenly he drew an immense knife from beneath his coat and brandished
it aloft. “Not all at once will I kill him—oh, no!—first I will slit
his nose, and cut off his ears and put out his eyes, and then—then,
into his black heart I will thrust this knife.”

Swiftly he replaced the knife, and turning, left the room. George
Lomax, his eyes always protuberant, but now goggling almost out of his
head, stared at the closed door.

“Pure bred Herzoslovakian, of course,” he muttered. “Most uncivilized
people. A race of brigands.”

Superintendent Battle rose alertly to his feet.

“Either that man’s sincere,” he remarked, “or he’s the best bluffer
I’ve ever seen. And, if it’s the former, God help Prince Michael’s
murderer when that human bloodhound gets hold of him.”




15

The French Stranger


Virginia and Anthony walked side by side down the path which led to the
lake. For some minutes after leaving the house they were silent. It was
Virginia who broke the silence at last with a little laugh.

“Oh, dear,” she said, “isn’t it dreadful? Here I am so bursting with
the things I want to tell you, and the things I want to know, that
I simply don’t know where to begin. First of all”—she lowered her
voice—“_What have you done with the body?_ How awful it sounds,
doesn’t it! I never dreamt that I should be so steeped in crime.”

“I suppose it’s quite a novel sensation for you,” agreed Anthony.

“But not for you?”

“Well, I’ve never disposed of a corpse before, certainly.”

“Tell me about it.”

Briefly and succinctly, Anthony ran over the steps he had taken on the
previous night. Virginia listened attentively.

“I think you were very clever,” she said approvingly when he had
finished. “I can pick up the trunk again when I go back to Paddington.
The only difficulty that might arise is if you had to give an account
of where you were yesterday evening.”

“I can’t see that that can arise. The body can’t have been found