 those concessions?”

“I believe an American group of financiers had made overtures to His
Highness.”

“And been turned down, eh?”

But George refused to be drawn.

“Prince Michael’s sympathies were entirely pro-British,” he repeated.

Superintendent Battle did not press the point.

“Lord Caterham, I understand that this is what occurred yesterday. You
met Prince Michael in town and journeyed down here in company with him.
The Prince was accompanied by his valet, a Herzoslovakian named Boris
Anchoukoff, but his equerry, Captain Andrassy, remained in town. The
Prince, on arriving, declared himself greatly fatigued, and retired to
the apartments set aside for him. Dinner was served to him there, and
he did not meet the other members of the house party. Is that correct?”

“Quite correct.”

“This morning a housemaid discovered the body at approximately 7.45
A.M. Dr. Cartwright examined the dead man and found that death was the
result of a bullet fired from a revolver. No revolver was found, and no
one in the house seems to have heard the shot. On the other hand the
dead man’s wrist watch was smashed by the fall, and marks the crime as
having been committed at exactly a quarter to twelve. Now what time
did you retire to bed last night?”

“We went early. Somehow or other the party didn’t seem to ‘go’ if you
know what I mean, superintendent. We went up about half-past ten, I
should say.”

“Thank you. Now I will ask you, Lord Caterham, to give me a description
of all the people staying in the house.”

“But, excuse me, I thought the fellow who did it came from outside?”

Superintendent Battle smiled.

“I dare say he did. I dare say he did. But all the same I’ve got to
know who was in the house. Matter of routine, you know.”

“Well, there was Prince Michael and his valet and Mr. Herman
Isaacstein. You know all about them. Then there was Mr. Eversleigh——”

“Who works in my department,” put in George condescendingly.

“And who was acquainted with the real reason of Prince Michael’s being
here?”

“No, I should not say that,” replied George weightily. “Doubtless
he realized that something was in the wind, but I did not think it
necessary to take him fully into my confidence.”

“I see. Will you go on, Lord Caterham?”

“Let me see, there was Mr. Hiram Fish.”

“Who is Mr. Hiram Fish?”

“Mr. Fish is an American. He brought over a letter of introduction from
Mr. Lucius Gott—you’ve heard of Lucius Gott?”

Superintendent Battle smiled acknowledgment. Who had not heard of
Lucius C. Gott, the multi-millionaire?

“He was specially anxious to see my first editions. Mr. Gott’s
collection is, of course, unequalled, but I’ve got several treasures
myself. This Mr. Fish was an enthusiast. Mr. Lomax had suggested that
I ask one or two extra people down here this week-end to make things
seem more natural, so I took the opportunity of asking Mr. Fish. That
finishes the men. As for the ladies, there is only Mrs. Revel—and I
expect she brought a maid or something like that. Then there was my
daughter, and of course the children and their nurses and governesses
and all the servants.”

Lord Caterham paused and took a breath.

“Thank you,” said the detective. “A mere matter of routine, but
necessary as such.”

“There is no doubt, I suppose,” asked George ponderously, “that the
murderer entered by the window?”

Battle paused for a minute before replying slowly.

“There were footsteps leading up to the window, and footsteps leading
away from it. A car stopped outside the park at 11.40 last night. At
twelve o’clock a young man arrived at the _Jolly Cricketers_ in a car,
and engaged a room. He put his boots outside to be cleaned—they were
very wet and muddy, as though he had been walking through the long
grass in the park.”

George leant forward eagerly.

“Could not the boots be compared with the footprints?”

“They were.”

“Well?”

“They exactly correspond.”

“That settles it,” cried George. “We have the murderer. The young
man—what is his name, by the way?”

“At the inn he gave the name of Anthony Cade.”

“This Anthony Cade must be pursued at once, and arrested.”

“You won’t need to pursue him,” said Superintendent Battle.

“Why?”

“Because he’s still there.”

“What?”

“Curious, isn’t it?”

Colonel Melrose eyed him keenly.

“What’s in your mind, Battle? Out with it.”

“I just say it’s curious, that’s all. Here’s a young man who ought to
cut and run, but he doesn’t cut and run. He stays here, and gives us
every f