 that was being spoken was French, but the four big men
spoke it with uncertainty and a hoarse guttural intonation.

“The Boss?” growled one of these. “When will he be here?”

One of the smaller men shrugged his shoulders.

“Any time now.”

“About time, too,” growled the first man. “I have never seen him, this
Boss of yours, but, oh, what great and glorious work might we not have
accomplished in these days of idle waiting!”

“Fool,” said the other little man bitingly. “Getting nabbed by the
police is all the great and glorious work you and your precious lot
would have been likely to accomplish. A lot of blundering gorillas?”

“Aha!” roared another big thickset fellow. “You insult the Comrades? I
will soon set the sign of the Red Hand round your throat.”

He half rose, glaring ferociously at the Frenchman, but one of his
companions pulled him back again.

“No quarreling,” he grunted. “We’re to work together. From all I heard
this King Victor doesn’t stand for being disobeyed.”

In the darkness, Anthony heard the footsteps of the sentry coming his
round again, and he drew back behind a bush.

“Who’s that?” said one of the men inside.

“Carlo—going his rounds.”

“Oh! What about the prisoner?”

“He’s all right—coming round pretty fast now. He’s recovered well from
the crack on the head we gave him.”

Anthony moved gently away.

“God! what a lot,” he muttered. “They discuss their affairs with an
open window, and that fool Carlo goes his round with the tread of an
elephant, and the eyes of a bat. And to crown all, the Herzoslovakians
and the French are on the point of coming to blows. King Victor’s
headquarters seem to be in a parlous condition. It would amuse me, it
would amuse me very much, to teach them a lesson.”

He stood irresolute for a minute, smiling to himself.

From somewhere above his head came a stifled groan.

Anthony looked up. The groan came again.

Anthony glanced quickly from left to right. Carlo was not due round
again just yet. He grasped the heavy Virginia creeper and climbed
nimbly till he reached the sill of a window. The window was shut, but
with a tool from his pocket he soon succeeded in forcing up the catch.

He paused a minute to listen, then sprang lightly inside the room.
There was a bed in the far corner and on that bed a man was lying, his
figure barely discernible in the gloom.

Anthony went over to the bed, and flashed his pocket torch on the man’s
face. It was a foreign face, pale and emaciated, and the head was
swathed in heavy bandages.

The man was bound hand and foot. He stared up at Anthony like one dazed.

Anthony bent over him, and as he did so he heard a sound behind him and
swung round, his hand travelling to his coat pocket.

But a sharp command arrested him.

“Hands up, sonny. You didn’t expect to see me here, but I happened to
catch the same train as you at Victoria.”

It was Mr. Hiram Fish who was standing in the doorway. He was smiling
and in his hand was a big blue automatic.




25

Tuesday Night at Chimneys


Lord Caterham, Virginia and Bundle were sitting in the library after
dinner. It was Tuesday evening. Some thirty hours had elapsed since
Anthony’s rather dramatic departure.

For at least the seventh time Bundle repeated Anthony’s parting words,
as spoken at Hyde Park Corner.

“I’ll find my own way back,” repeated Virginia thoughtfully. “That
doesn’t look as though he expected to be away as long as this. And he’s
left all his things here.”

“He didn’t tell you where he was going?”

“No,” said Virginia, looking straight in front of her. “He told me
nothing.”

After this, there was a silence for a minute or two. Lord Caterham was
the first to break it.

“On the whole,” he said, “keeping an hotel has some advantages over
keeping a country house.”

“Meaning——?”

“That little notice they always hang up in your room. Visitors
intending departure must give notice before twelve o’clock.”

Virginia smiled.

“I dare say,” he continued, “that I am old-fashioned and unreasonable.
It’s the fashion, I know, to pop in and out of a house. Same idea as an
hotel—perfect freedom of action, and no bill at the end!”

“You are an old grouser,” said Bundle. “You’ve had Virginia and me.
What more do you want?”

“Nothing more, nothing more,” Lord Caterham assured them hastily.
“That’s not it at all. It’s the principle of the thing. It gives one
such a restless feeling. I’m quite willing to admit that it’s been an
almost ideal twenty-four hours. Peace