lled like
the Council Chamber in old oak, and with a wide gallery above it. Two
other figures came into sight at the far end.

“Aha!” said Mr. Fish. “Our genial host.”

This was such a ludicrous description of Lord Caterham that Anthony had
to turn his head away to conceal a smile.

“And with him,” continued the American, “is a lady whose name I did not
catch last night. But she is bright—she is very bright.”

With Lord Caterham was Virginia Revel.

Anthony had been anticipating this meeting all along. He had no
idea how to act. He must leave it to Virginia. Although he had full
confidence in her presence of mind, he had not the slightest idea what
line she would take. He was not long left in doubt.

“Why, it’s Mr. Cade,” said Virginia. She held out both hands to him.
“So you found you could come down after all?”

“My dear Mrs. Revel, I had no idea Mr. Cade was a friend of yours,”
said Lord Caterham.

“He’s a very old friend,” said Virginia, smiling at Anthony with a
mischievous glint in her eye. “I ran across him in London unexpectedly
yesterday, and told him I was coming down here.”

Anthony was quick to give her her pointer.

“I explained to Mrs. Revel,” he said, “that I had been forced to refuse
your kind invitation—since it had really been extended to quite a
different man. And I couldn’t very well foist a perfect stranger on you
under false pretences.”

“Well, well, my dear fellow,” said Lord Caterham, “that’s all over and
done with now. I’ll send down to the _Cricketers_ for your bag.”

“It’s very kind of you, Lord Caterham, but——”

“Nonsense, of course you must come to Chimneys. Horrible place, the
_Cricketers_—to stay in, I mean.”

“Of course you must come, Mr. Cade,” said Virginia softly.

Anthony realized the altered tone of his surroundings. Already Virginia
had done much for him. He was no longer an ambiguous stranger. Her
position was so assured and unassailable that anyone for whom she
vouched was accepted as a matter of course. He thought of the pistol in
the tree at Burnham Beeches, and smiled inwardly.

“I’ll send for your traps,” said Lord Caterham to Anthony. “I suppose,
in the circumstances, we can’t have any shooting. A pity. But there it
is. And I don’t know what the devil to do with Isaacstein. It’s all
very unfortunate.”

The depressed peer sighed heavily.

“That’s settled, then,” said Virginia. “You can begin to be useful
right away, Mr. Cade, and take me out on the lake. It’s very peaceful
there and far from crime and all that sort of thing. Isn’t it awful for
poor Lord Caterham having a murder done in his house? But it’s George’s
fault really. This is George’s party, you know.”

“Ah!” said Lord Caterham. “But I should never have listened to him!”

He assumed the air of a strong man betrayed by a single weakness.

“One can’t help listening to George,” said Virginia. “He always holds
you so that you can’t get away. I’m thinking of patenting a detachable
lapel.”

“I wish you would,” chuckled her host. “I’m glad you’re coming to us,
Cade. I need support.”

“I appreciate your kindness very much, Lord Caterham,” said Anthony.
“Especially,” he added, “when I’m such a suspicious character. But my
staying here makes it easier for Battle.”

“In what way, sir?” asked the superintendent.

“It won’t be so difficult to keep an eye on me,” explained Anthony
gently.

And by the momentary flicker of the superintendent’s eyelids he knew
that his shot had gone home.




14

Mainly Political and Financial


Except for that involuntary twitch of the eyelids, Superintendent
Battle’s impassivity was unimpaired. If he had been surprised at
Virginia’s recognition of Anthony, he did not show it. He and Lord
Caterham stood together and watched those two go out through the garden
door. Mr. Fish also watched them.

“Nice young fellow, that,” said Lord Caterham.

“Vurry nice for Mrs. Revel to meet an old friend,” murmured the
American. “They have been acquainted some time, presoomably?”

“Seems so,” said Lord Caterham. “But I’ve never heard her mention him
before. Oh, by the way, Battle, Mr. Lomax has been asking for you. He’s
in the Blue morning-room.”

“Very good, Lord Caterham. I’ll go there at once.”

Battle found his way to the Blue morning-room without difficulty. He
was already familiar with the geography of the house.

“Ah, there you are, Battle,” said Lomax.

He was striding impatiently up and down the carpet. There was one other
person in the room, a big man sitting in a cha