aid the stranger.

“From kneeling on the damp ground, I mean,” explained Anthony. “I
fancied I heard you sneezing.”

“I may have sneezed,” admitted the other.

“Quite so,” said Anthony. “But you shouldn’t suppress a sneeze, you
know. One of the most eminent doctors said so only the other day.
It’s frightfully dangerous. I don’t remember exactly what it does to
you—whether it’s an inhibition or whether it hardens your arteries,
but you must never do it. Good morning.”

“Good morning, and thank you, monsieur, for setting me on the right
road.”

“Second suspicious stranger from village inn,” murmured Anthony to
himself, as he watched the other’s retreating form. “And one that I
can’t quite place, either. Appearance that of a French commercial
traveller. I don’t quite see him as a Comrade of the Red Hand. Does he
represent yet a third party in the harassed state of Herzoslovakia?
The French governess has the second window from the end. A mysterious
Frenchman is found slinking round the grounds, listening to
conversations that are not meant for his ears. I’ll bet my hat there’s
something in it.”

Musing thus, Anthony retraced his steps to the house. On the terrace
he encountered Lord Caterham, looking suitably depressed, and two new
arrivals. He brightened a little at the sight of Anthony.

“Ah, there you are,” he remarked. “Let me introduce you to
Baron—er—er—and Captain Andrassy. Mr. Anthony Cade.”

The Baron stared at Anthony with growing suspicion.

“Mr. Cade?” he said stiffly. “I think not.”

“A word alone with you, Baron,” said Anthony. “I can explain
everything.”

The Baron bowed, and the two men walked down the terrace together.

“Baron,” said Anthony. “I must throw myself upon your mercy. I have so
far strained the honour of an English gentleman as to travel to this
country under an assumed name. I represented myself to you as Mr. James
McGrath—but you must see for yourself that the deception involved
was infinitesimal. You are doubtless acquainted with the works of
Shakespeare, and his remarks about the unimportance of the nomenclature
of roses? This case is the same. The man you wanted to see was the man
in possession of the Memoirs. I was that man. As you know only too
well, I am no longer in possession of them. A neat trick. Baron, a very
neat trick. Who thought of it, you or your principal?”

“His Highness’s own idea it was. And for anyone but him to carry it out
he would not permit.”

“He did it jolly well,” said Anthony, with approval. “I never took him
for anything but an Englishman.”

“The education of an English gentleman did the Prince receive,”
explained the Baron. “The custom of Herzoslovakia it is.”

“No professional could have pinched those papers better,” said Anthony.
“May I ask, without indiscretion, what has become of them?”

“Between gentlemen,” began the Baron.

“You are too kind, Baron,” murmured Anthony. “I’ve never been called a
gentleman so often as I have in the last forty-eight hours.”

“I to you say this—I believe them to be burnt.”

“You believe, but you don’t know, eh? Is that it?”

“His Highness in his own keeping retained them. His purpose it was to
read them and then by the fire to destroy them.”

“I see,” said Anthony. “All the same, they are not the kind of light
literature you’d skim through in half an hour.”

“Among the effects of my martyred master they have not discovered been.
It is clear, therefore, that burnt they are.”

“H’m!” said Anthony. “I wonder?”

He was silent for a minute or two and then went on.

“I have asked you these questions, Baron, because, as you may have
heard, I myself have been implicated in the crime. I must clear myself
absolutely, so that no suspicion attaches to me.”

“Undoubtedly,” said the Baron. “Your honour demands it.”

“Exactly,” said Anthony. “You put these things so well. I haven’t got
the knack of it. To continue, I can only clear myself by discovering
the real murderer, and to do that I must have all the facts. This
question of the Memoirs is very important. It seems to me possible that
to gain possession of them might be the motive of the crime. Tell me,
Baron, is that a very far-fetched idea?”

The Baron hesitated for a moment or two.

“You yourself the Memoirs have read?” he asked cautiously at length.

“I think I am answered,” said Anthony, smiling. “Now Baron, there’s
just one thing more. I should like to give you fair warning that it
is still my intention to deliver that manuscript to the publishers on
Wednesd