des approached
Angèle Mory and offered her a huge sum if she would aid them in their
plans. Her part was to infatuate the young King, and decoy him to
some spot agreed upon with them. Angèle Mory accepted the bribe and
promised to perform her part.

“But the young lady was cleverer and more ambitious than her employers
suspected. She succeeded in captivating the King who fell desperately
in love with her and loaded her with jewels. It was then that she
conceived the idea of being—not a King’s mistress, but a Queen! As
every one knows, she realized her ambition. She was introduced into
Herzoslovakia as the Countess Varaga Popoleffsky, an offshoot of the
Romanoffs, and became eventually Queen Varaga of Herzoslovakia. Not
bad for a little Parisian actress! I have always heard that she played
the part extremely well. But her triumph was not to be long lived. The
Comrades of the Red Hand, furious at her betrayal, twice attempted
her life. Finally they worked up the country to such a pitch that a
Revolution broke out in which both the King and Queen perished. Their
bodies, horribly mutilated and hardly recognizable, were recovered,
attesting to the fury of the populace against the low-born foreign
Queen.

“Now, in all this, it seems certain that Queen Varaga still kept in
with her confederate, King Victor. It is possible that the bold plan
was his all along. What is known is that she continued to correspond
with him, in a secret code, from the Court of Herzoslovakia. For safety
the letters were written in English, and signed with the name of an
English lady then at the Embassy. If any inquiry had been made, and
the lady in question had denied her signature, it is possible that she
would not have been believed, for the letters were those of a guilty
woman to her lover. It was your name she used, Mrs. Revel.”

“I know,” said Virginia. Her colour was coming and going unevenly. “So
that is the truth of the letters! I have wondered and wondered.”

“What a blackguardly trick,” cried Bill indignantly.

“The letters were addressed to Captain O’Neill at his rooms in Paris,
and their principal purpose may have light shed upon it by a curious
fact which came to light later. After the assassination of the King
and Queen, many of the Crown Jewels which had fallen, of course, into
the hands of the mob, found their way to Paris, and it was discovered
that in nine cases out of ten the principal stones had been replaced
by paste—and mind you, there were some very famous stones among the
jewels of Herzoslovakia. So as a Queen, Angèle Mory still practised her
former activities.

“You see now where we have arrived. Nicholas IV and Queen Varaga came
to England and were the guests of the late Marquis of Caterham, then
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Herzoslovakia is a small
country, but it could not be left out. Queen Varaga was necessarily
received. And there we have a Royal Personage and at the same time an
expert thief. There is also no doubt that the—er—substitute which was
so wonderful as to deceive anyone but an expert could only have been
fashioned by King Victor, and indeed the whole plan, in its daring and
audacity, pointed to him as the author.”

“What happened?” asked Virginia.

“Hushed up,” said Superintendent Battle laconically. “Not a mention of
it’s ever been made public to this day. We did all that could be done
on the quiet—and that was a good deal more than you’d ever imagine, by
the way. We’ve got methods of our own that would surprise. That jewel
didn’t leave England with the Queen of Herzoslovakia—I can tell you
that much. No, Her Majesty hid it somewhere—but where we’ve never been
able to discover. But I shouldn’t wonder”—Superintendent Battle let
his eyes wander gently round—“if it wasn’t somewhere in this room.”

Anthony leapt to his feet.

“What? After all these years?” he cried incredulously. “Impossible.”

“You do not know the peculiar circumstances, monsieur,” said the
Frenchman quickly. “Only a fortnight later, the Revolution in
Herzoslovakia broke out, and the King and Queen were murdered. Also,
Captain O’Neill was arrested in Paris and sentenced on a minor charge.
We hoped to find the packet of code letters in his house, but it
appears that this had been stolen by some Herzoslovakian go-between.
The man turned up in Herzoslovakia just before the Revolution, and then
disappeared completely.”

“He probably went abroad,” said Anthony thoughtfully. “To Africa as
likely as not. And you bet he hung on to that pack