 gentleman’s valet.
Mr. Eversleigh come by the same train. Mrs. Revel came by the 7.25, and
another foreign-looking gentleman came by it too, one with a bald head
and a hook nose. Mrs. Revel’s maid came by the 8.56.”

Johnson paused, out of breath.

“And there was no one for the _Cricketers_?”

Johnson shook his head.

“He must have come by car then,” said the inspector. “Johnson, make
a note to institute inquiries at the _Cricketers_ on your way back.
We want to know all about any strangers. He was very sunburnt, that
gentleman. Likely as not, he’s come from foreign parts too.”

The inspector nodded his head with great sagacity, as though to imply
that that was the sort of wide-awake man he was—not to be caught
napping under any consideration.

The car passed in through the Park gates of Chimneys. Descriptions of
that historic place can be found in any guide book. It is also No. 3
in _Historic Homes of England_, price 21s. On Thursdays, chars-à-bancs
come over from Middlingham and view those portions of it which are open
to the public. In view of all these facilities, to describe Chimneys
would be superfluous.

They were received at the door by a white-headed butler whose demeanour
was perfect.

“We are not accustomed,” it seemed to say, “to having murder committed
within these walls. But these are evil days. Let us meet disaster with
perfect calm, and pretend with our dying breath that nothing out of the
usual has occurred.”

“His lordship,” said the butler, “is expecting you. This way, if you
please.”

He led them to a small cosy room which was Lord Caterham’s refuge from
the magnificence elsewhere, and announced them.

“The police, my lord, and Dr. Cartwright.”

Lord Caterham was pacing up and down in a visibly agitated state.

“Ha! inspector, you’ve turned up at last. I’m thankful for that. How
are you, Cartwright? This is the very devil of a business, you know.
The very devil of a business.”

And Lord Caterham, running his hands through his hair in a frenzied
fashion until it stood upright in little tufts, looked even less like a
peer of the realm than usual.

“Where’s the body?” asked the doctor, in curt business-like fashion.

Lord Caterham turned to him as though relieved at being asked a direct
question.

“In the council chamber—just where it was found—I wouldn’t have it
touched. I believed—er—that that was the correct thing to do.”

“Quite right, my lord,” said the inspector approvingly.

He produced a notebook and pencil.

“And who discovered the body? Did you?”

“Good Lord, no,” said Lord Caterham. “You don’t think I usually get up
at this unearthly hour in the morning, do you? No, a housemaid found
it. She screamed a good deal, I believe. I didn’t hear her myself. Then
they came to me about it, and of course I got up and came down—and
there it was, you know.”

“You recognized the body as that of one of your guests?”

“That’s right, inspector.”

“By name?”

This perfectly simple question seemed to upset Lord Caterham. He
opened his mouth once or twice, and then shut it again. Finally he
asked feebly.

“Do you mean—do you mean—what was his name?”

“Yes, my lord.”

“Well,” said Lord Caterham, looking slowly round the room, as though
hoping to gain inspiration. “His name was—I should say it was—yes,
decidedly so—Count Stanislaus.”

There was something so odd about Lord Caterham’s manner, that the
inspector ceased using his pencil and stared at him instead. But at
that moment a diversion occurred which seemed highly welcome to the
embarrassed peer.

The door opened and a girl came into the room. She was tall, slim and
dark, with an attractive boyish face, and a very determined manner.
This was Lady Eileen Brent, commonly known as Bundle, Lord Caterham’s
eldest daughter. She nodded to the others, and addressed her father
directly.

“I’ve got him,” she announced.

For a moment the inspector was on the point of starting forward
under the impression that the young lady had captured the murderer
red-handed, but almost immediately he realized that her meaning was
quite different.

Lord Caterham uttered a sigh of relief.

“That’s a good job. What did he say?”

“He’s coming over at once. We are to ‘use the utmost discretion.’”

Her father made a sound of annoyance.

“That’s just the sort of idiotic thing George Lomax would say. However,
once he comes, I shall wash my hands of the whole affair.”

He appeared to cheer up a little at the prospect.

“And the name of the murdered man