e—like the running
brook, you know. Sometimes I even ask questions.”

“As for instance?”

“Who occupies the second room on the left from the end?”

He pointed to it as he spoke.

“What an extraordinary question!” said Bundle. “You intrigue me
greatly. Let me see—yes—that’s Mademoiselle Brun’s room. The French
governess. She endeavours to keep my young sisters in order. Dulcie and
Daisy—like the song, you know. I dare say they’d have called the next
one, Dorothy May. But mother got tired of having nothing but girls and
died. Thought some one else could take on the job of providing an heir.”

“Mademoiselle Brun,” said Anthony thoughtfully. “How long has she been
with you?”

“Two months. She came to us when we were in Scotland.”

“Ha!” said Anthony. “I smell a rat.”

“I wish I could smell some lunch,” said Bundle. “Do I ask the Scotland
Yard man to have lunch with us, Mr. Cade? You’re a man of the world,
you know about the etiquette of such things. We’ve never had a murder
in the house before. Exciting, isn’t it? I’m sorry your character
was so completely cleared this morning. I’ve always wanted to meet a
murderer and see for myself if they’re as genial and charming as the
Sunday papers always say they are. God! what’s that?”

“What” seemed to be a taxi approaching the house. Its two occupants
were a tall man with a bald head and a black beard, and a smaller
and younger man with a black moustache. Anthony recognized the
former, and guessed that it was he—rather than the vehicle which
contained him—that had wrung the exclamation of astonishment from his
companion’s lips.

“Unless I much mistake,” he remarked, “that is my old friend, Baron
Lollipop.”

“Baron what?”

“I call him Lollipop for convenience. The pronouncing of his own name
tends to harden the arteries.”

“It nearly wrecked the telephone this morning,” remarked Bundle. “So
that’s the Baron, is it? I foresee he’ll be turned on to me this
afternoon—and I’ve had Isaacstein all the morning. Let George do his
own dirty work, say I, and to hell with politics. Excuse me leaving
you, Mr. Cade, but I must stand by poor old Father.”

Bundle retreated rapidly to the house.

Anthony stood looking after her for a minute or two and thoughtfully
lighted a cigarette. As he did so, his ear was caught by a stealthy
sound quite near him. He was standing by the boat-house, and the sound
seemed to come from just round the corner. The mental picture conveyed
to him was that of a man vainly trying to stifle a sudden sneeze.

“Now I wonder—I very much wonder who’s behind the boat-house,” said
Anthony to himself. “We’d better see, I think.”

Suiting the action to the word, he threw away the match he had just
blown out, and ran lightly and noiselessly round the corner of the
boat-house.

He came upon a man who had evidently been kneeling on the ground and
was just struggling to rise to his feet. He was tall, wore a light
coloured overcoat and glasses, and for the rest, had a short pointed
black beard and a slightly foppish manner. He was between thirty and
forty years of age, and altogether of a most respectable appearance.

“What are you doing here?” asked Anthony.

He was pretty certain that the man was not one of Lord Caterham’s
guests.

“I ask your pardon,” said the stranger, with a marked foreign accent
and what was meant to be an engaging smile. “It is that I wish to
return to the _Jolly Crickets_, and I have lost my way. Would Monsieur
be so good as to direct me?”

“Certainly,” said Anthony. “But you don’t go there by water, you know.”

“Eh?” said the stranger, with the air of one at a loss.

“I said,” repeated Anthony, with a meaning glance at the boat-house,
“that you won’t get there by water. There’s a right of way across the
park—some distance away, but all this is the private part. You’re
trespassing.”

“I am most sorry,” said the stranger. “I lost my direction entirely. I
thought I would come up here and inquire.”

Anthony refrained from pointing out that kneeling behind a boat-house
was a somewhat peculiar manner of prosecuting inquiries. He took the
stranger kindly by the arm.

“You go this way,” he said. “Right round the lake and straight on—you
can’t miss the path. When you get on it, turn to the left, and it will
lead you to the village. You’re staying at the _Cricketers_, I suppose?”

“I am, monsieur. Since this morning. Many thanks for your kindness in
directing me.”

“Don’t mention it,” said Anthony. “I hope you haven’t caught cold.”

“Eh?” s