
are so awfully limited. I think I must chuck Ranelagh. After all, I
can go to Ranelagh any day. Tell George that I shall be awaiting him
meekly at four o’clock.”

Bill looked at his wrist watch.

“It seems hardly worth while to go back before lunch. Come out and chew
something, Virginia.”

“I’m going out to lunch somewhere or other.”

“That doesn’t matter. Make a day of it, and chuck everything all round.”

“It would be rather nice,” said Virginia, smiling at him.

“Virginia, you’re a darling. Tell me, you do like me rather, don’t you?
Better than other people.”

“Bill, I adore you. If I had to marry some one—simply had to—I mean
if it was in a book and a wicked mandarin said to me ‘Marry some one or
die by slow torture,’ I should choose you at once—I should indeed. I
should say, ‘Give me little Bill.’”

“Well, then——”

“Yes, but I haven’t got to marry any one. I love being a wicked widow.”

“You could do all the same things still. Go about, and all that. You’d
hardly notice me about the house.”

“Bill, you don’t understand. I’m the kind of person who marries
enthusiastically if they marry at all.”

Bill gave a hollow groan.

“I shall shoot myself one of these days, I expect,” he murmured
gloomily.

“No, you won’t, Bill darling. You’ll take a pretty girl out to
supper—like you did the night before last.”

Mr. Eversleigh was momentarily confused.

“If you mean Dorothy Kirkpatrick, the girl who’s in _Hooks and Eyes_,
I—well, dash it all, she’s a thoroughly nice girl, straight as they
make ’em. There was no harm in it.”

“Bill, darling, of course there wasn’t. I love you to enjoy yourself.
But don’t pretend to be dying of a broken heart, that’s all.”

Mr. Eversleigh recovered his dignity.

“You don’t understand at all, Virginia,” he said severely. “Men——”

“Are polygamous! I know they are. Sometimes I have a shrewd suspicion
that I am polyandrous. If you really love me, Bill, take me out to
lunch quickly.”




5

First Night in London


There is often a flaw in the best-laid plans. George Lomax had made one
mistake—there was a weak spot in his preparations. The weak spot was
Bill.

Bill Eversleigh was an extremely nice lad. He was a good cricketer and
a scratch golfer, he had pleasant manners, and an amiable disposition,
but his position in the Foreign Office had been gained, not by brains,
but by good connections. For the work he had to do he was quite
suitable. He was more or less George’s dog. He did no responsible
or brainy work. His part was to be constantly at George’s elbow, to
interview unimportant people whom George didn’t want to see, to run
errands, and generally to make himself useful. All this Bill carried
out faithfully enough. When George was absent, Bill stretched himself
out in the biggest chair and read the sporting news, and in so doing he
was merely carrying out a time-honoured tradition.

Being accustomed to send Bill on errands, George had dispatched him to
the Union Castle offices to find out when the _Granarth Castle_ was due
in. Now, in common with most well-educated young Englishmen, Bill had
a pleasant, but quite inaudible voice. Any elocution master would have
found fault with his pronunciation of the word Granarth. It might have
been anything. The Clerk took it to be Carnfrae. The _Carnfrae Castle_
was due in on the following Thursday. He said so. Bill thanked him and
went out. George Lomax accepted the information and laid his plans
accordingly. He knew nothing about Union Castle liners, and took it
for granted that James McGrath would duly arrive on Thursday.

Therefore, at the moment he was buttonholing Lord Caterham on the steps
of the club on Wednesday morning, he would have been greatly surprised
to learn that the _Granarth Castle_ had docked at Southampton the
preceding afternoon.

At two o’clock that afternoon Anthony Cade, travelling under the name
of Jimmy McGrath, stepped out of the boat train at Waterloo, hailed a
taxi, and after a moment’s hesitation ordered the driver to proceed to
the Blitz Hotel.

“One might as well be comfortable,” said Anthony to himself, as he
looked with some interest out of the taxi windows.

It was exactly fourteen years since he had been in London.

He arrived at the hotel, booked a room, and then went for a short
stroll along the Embankment. It was rather pleasant to be back in
London again. Everything was changed of course. There had been a
little restaurant there—just past Blackfriars Bridge—where he had
dined fairly of