have to
ask you if there’s such a thing in the house as a trunk?”

“Of course there is. Come down to the basement and take your choice.”

There was a variety of trunks in the basement. Anthony selected a solid
affair of suitable size.

“I’ll attend to this part of it,” he said tactfully. “You go upstairs
and get ready to start.”

Virginia obeyed. She slipped out of her tennis kit, put on a soft brown
travelling dress and a delightful little orange hat, and came down to
find Anthony waiting in the hall with a neatly strapped trunk beside
him.

“I should like to tell you the story of my life,” he remarked, “but
it’s going to be rather a busy evening. Now this is what you’ve got
to do. Call a taxi, have your luggage put on it, including the trunk.
Drive to Paddington. There have the trunk put in the Left Luggage
Office. I shall be on the platform. As you pass me, drop the Cloak
Room ticket. I will pick it up and pretend to return it to you, but in
reality I shall keep it. Go on to Chimneys, and leave the rest to me.”

“It’s awfully good of you,” said Virginia. “It’s really dreadful of me
saddling a perfect stranger with a dead body like this.”

“I like it,” returned Anthony nonchalantly. “If one of my friends,
Jimmy McGrath, were here, he’d tell you that anything of this kind
suits me down to the ground.”

Virginia was staring at him.

“What name did you say? Jimmy McGrath?”

Anthony returned her glance keenly.

“Yes. Why? Have you heard of him?”

“Yes—and quite lately.” She paused irresolutely, and then went on.
“Mr. Cade, I must talk to you. Can’t you come down to Chimneys?”

“You’ll see me before very long, Mrs. Revel—I’ll tell you that. Now,
exit Conspirator A by back door slinkingly. Exit Conspirator B in
blaze of glory by front door to taxi.”

The plan went through without a hitch. Anthony, having picked up a
second taxi, was on the platform and duly retrieved the fallen ticket.
He then departed in search of a somewhat battered second-hand Morris
Cowley which he had acquired earlier in the day in case it should be
necessary to his plans.

Returning to Paddington in this, he handed the ticket to the porter,
who got the trunk out of the cloak room and wedged it securely at the
back of the car. Anthony drove off.

His objective now was out of London. Through Notting Hill, Shepherd’s
Bush, down Goldhawk Road, through Brentford and Hounslow till he came
to the long stretch of road mid-way between Hounslow and Staines.
It was a well-frequented road, with motors passing continually. No
footmarks or tyre marks were likely to show. Anthony stopped the car at
a certain spot. Getting down, he first obscured the number-plate with
mud. Then, waiting until he heard no car coming in either direction,
he opened the trunk, heaved out Giuseppe’s body, and laid it neatly
down by the side of the road, on the inside of a curve, so that the
headlights of passing motors would not strike on it.

Then he entered the car again and drove away. The whole business had
occupied exactly one minute and a half. He made a détour to the right,
returning to London by way of Burnham Beeches. There again he halted
the car, and choosing a giant of the forest he deliberately climbed the
huge tree. It was something of a feat, even for Anthony. To one of the
topmost branches, he affixed a small brown-paper parcel, concealing it
in a little niche close to the bole.

“A very clever way of disposing of the pistol,” said Anthony to himself
with some approval. “Everybody hunts about on the ground, and drags
ponds. But there are very few people in England who could climb that
tree.”

Next, back to London and Paddington Station. Here he left the trunk—at
the other cloak room this time, the one on the Arrival side. He thought
longingly of such things as good rumpsteaks, juicy chops, and large
masses of fried potatoes. But he shook his head ruefully, glancing at
his wrist watch. He fed the Morris with a fresh supply of petrol, and
then took the road once more. North this time.

It was just after half-past eleven that he brought the car to rest in
the road adjoining the park of Chimneys. Jumping out he scaled the wall
easily enough, and set out towards the house. It took him longer than
he thought, and presently he broke into a run. A great grey mass loomed
up out of the darkness—the venerable pile of Chimneys. In the distance
a stable clock chimed the three quarters.

11.45—the time mentioned on the scrap of paper. Anthony was on the
terrace now, lookin