g up at the house. Everything seemed dark and quiet.

“They go to bed early, these politicians,” he murmured to himself.

And suddenly a sound smote upon his ears—the sound of a shot. Anthony
spun round quickly. The sound had come from within the house—he was
sure of that. He waited a minute, but everything was still as death.
Finally he went up to one of the long French windows from where he
judged the sound that had startled him had come. He tried the handle.
It was locked. He tried some of the other windows, listening intently
all the while. But the silence remained unbroken.

In the end he told himself that he must have imagined the sound, or
perhaps mistaken a stray shot coming from a poacher in the woods. He
turned and retraced his steps across the park, vaguely dissatisfied and
uneasy.

He looked back at the house, and whilst he looked a light sprang up in
one of the windows on the first floor. In another minute it went out
again, and the whole place was in darkness once more.




10

Chimneys


Inspector Badgworthy in his office. Time, 8.30 A.M. A tall portly
man, Inspector Badgworthy, with a heavy regulation tread. Inclined to
breathe hard in moments of professional strain. In attendance Constable
Johnson, very new to the Force, with a downy unfledged look about him,
like a human chicken.

The telephone on the table rang sharply, and the inspector took it up
with his usual portentous gravity of action.

“Yes. Police station Market Basing. Inspector Badgworthy speaking.
What?”

Slight alteration in the inspector’s manner. As he is greater than
Johnson, so others are greater than Inspector Badgworthy.

“Speaking, my lord. I beg your pardon, my lord? I didn’t quite hear
what you said?”

Long pause, during which the inspector listens, quite a variety of
expressions passing over his usually impassive countenance. Finally he
lays down the receiver, after a brief “At once, my lord.”

He turned to Johnson, seeming visibly swelled with importance.

“From his lordship—at Chimneys—Murder.”

“Murder,” echoed Johnson, suitably impressed.

“Murder it is,” said the inspector, with great satisfaction.

“Why, there’s never been a murder here—not that I’ve ever heard
of—except the time that Tom Pearse shot his sweetheart.”

“And that, in a manner of speaking, wasn’t murder at all, but drink,”
said the inspector, deprecatingly.

“He weren’t hanged for it,” agreed Johnson gloomily. “But this is the
real thing, is it, sir?”

“It is, Johnson. One of his lordship’s guests, a foreign gentleman,
discovered shot. Open window, and footprints outside.”

“I’m sorry it were a foreigner,” said Johnson, with some regret.

It made the murder seem less real. Foreigners, Johnson felt, were
liable to be shot.

“His lordship’s in a rare taking,” continued the inspector. “We’ll get
hold of Dr. Cartwright and take him up with us right away. I hope to
goodness no one will get messing with those footprints.”

Badgworthy was in a seventh heaven. A murder! At Chimneys! Inspector
Badgworthy in charge of the case. The police have a clue. Sensational
arrest. Promotion and kudos for the aforementioned inspector.

“That is,” said Inspector Badgworthy to himself, “if Scotland Yard
doesn’t come butting in.”

The thought damped him momentarily. It seemed so extremely likely to
happen under the circumstances.

They stopped at Dr. Cartwright’s, and the doctor, who was a
comparatively young man, displayed a keen interest. His attitude was
almost exactly that of Johnson.

“Why, bless my soul,” he exclaimed. “We haven’t had a murder here since
the time of Tom Pearse.”

All three of them got into the doctor’s little car, and started
off briskly for Chimneys. As they passed the local inn, _The Jolly
Cricketers_, the doctor noticed a man standing in the doorway.

“Stranger,” he remarked. “Rather a nice-looking fellow. Wonder how long
he’s been here, and what he’s doing staying at the _Cricketers_? I
haven’t seen him about at all. He must have arrived last night.”

“He didn’t come by train,” said Johnson.

Johnson’s brother was the local railway porter, and Johnson was
therefore always well up in arrivals and departures.

“Who was there for Chimneys yesterday?” asked the inspector.

“Lady Eileen, she come down by the 3.40, and two gentlemen with her,
an American gent, and a young Army chap—neither of them with valets.
His lordship come down with a foreign gentleman, the one that’s been
shot as likely as not, by the 5.40, and the foreign