ould like to know where you
got your French governess from.”

“The man’s bewitched,” said Bundle. “I got her from an Agency, and I
pay her a hundred pounds a year, and her Christian name is Genevieve.
Anything more you want to know?”

“We’ll assume the Agency,” said Anthony. “What about her references?”

“Oh, glowing! She’d lived for ten years with the Countess of What Not.”

“What Not being——?”

“The Comtesses de Breteuil, Chateau de Breteuil, Dinard.”

“You didn’t actually see the Comtesse yourself? It was all done by
letter?”

“Exactly.”

“H’m!” said Anthony.

“You intrigue me,” said Bundle. “You intrigue me enormously. Is it love
or crime?”

“Probably sheer idiocy on my part. Let’s forget it.”

“‘Let’s forget it,’ said he negligently, having extracted all the
information he wants. Mr. Cade, who do you suspect? I rather suspect
Virginia as being the most unlikely person. Or possibly Bill.”

“What about you?”

“Member of the aristocracy joins in secret the Comrades of the Red
Hand. It would create a sensation all right.”

Anthony laughed. He liked Bundle, though he was a little afraid of the
shrewd penetration of her sharp grey eyes.

“You must be proud of all this,” he said suddenly, waving his hand
towards the great house in the distance.

Bundle screwed up her eyes and tilted her head on one side.

“Yes—it means something, I suppose. But one’s too used to it. Anyway,
we’re not here very much—too deadly dull. We’ve been at Cowes and
Deauville all the summer after town, and then up to Scotland. Chimneys
has been swathed in dust sheets for about five months. Once a week
they take the dust sheets off and chars-à-bancs full of tourists come
and gape, and listen to Tredwell. ‘On your right is the portrait of
the fourth Marchioness of Caterham, painted by Sir Joshua Reynolds,’
etc., and Ed or Bert, the humorist of the party, nudges his girl and
says ‘Eh! Gladys, they’ve got two pennyworth of pictures here, right
enough.’ And then they go and look at more pictures and yawn and
shuffle their feet and wish it was time to go home.”

“Yet history has been made here once or twice, by all accounts.”

“You’ve been listening to George,” said Bundle sharply. “That’s the
kind of thing he’s always saying.”

But Anthony had raised himself on his elbow, and was staring at the
shore.

“Is that a third suspicious stranger I see standing disconsolately by
the boat-house? Or is it one of the house party?”

Bundle lifted her head from the scarlet cushion.

“It’s Bill,” she said.

“He seems to be looking for something.”

“He’s probably looking for me,” said Bundle, without enthusiasm.

“Shall we row quickly in the opposite direction?”

“That’s quite the right answer, but it should be delivered with more
enthusiasm.”

“I shall row with double vigour after that rebuke.”

“Not at all,” said Bundle. “I have my pride. Row me to where that young
ass is waiting. Somebody’s got to look after him, I suppose. Virginia
must have given him the slip. One of these days, inconceivable as it
seems, I might want to marry George, so I might as well practise being
‘one of our well known political hostesses.’”

Anthony pulled obediently towards the shore.

“And what’s to become of me, I should like to know?” he complained.
“I refuse to be the unwanted third. Is that the children I see in the
distance?”

“Yes. Be careful, or they’ll rope you in.”

“I’m rather fond of children,” said Anthony. “I might teach them some
nice quiet intellectual game.”

“Well, don’t say I didn’t warn you.”

Having relinquished Bundle to the care of her gallant captain, Anthony
strolled off to where various shrill cries disturbed the peace of the
afternoon. He was received with acclamation.

“Are you any good at playing Red Indians?” asked Guggle sternly.

“Rather,” said Anthony. “You should hear the noise I make when I’m
being scalped. Like this.” He illustrated.

“Not so bad,” said Winkle grudgingly. “Now do the scalper’s yell.”

Anthony obliged with a blood-curdling noise. In another minute the game
of Red Indians was in full swing.

About an hour later, Anthony wiped his forehead, and ventured to
inquire after Mademoiselle’s _migraine_. He was pleased to hear that
that lady had entirely recovered. So popular had he become that he was
urgently invited to come and have tea in the schoolroom.

“And then you can tell us about the man you saw hung,” urged Guggle.

“Did you say you’d got a bit of the rope with you?” asked Winkle.

“It’s in my su