the Congo years ago. Our friend, King Victor,
seizes on that—difficult to prove a death of that kind. He resurrects
Prince Nicholas, and plays him to such purpose that he gets away with a
tremendous haul of American dollars—all on account of the supposed oil
concessions. But by a mere accident, he was unmasked, and had to leave
the country hurriedly. This time he did come to England. And that is
why I am here. Sooner or later he will come to Chimneys. That is, if he
is not already here!”

“You think—that?”

“I think he was here the night Prince Michael died, and again last
night.”

“It was another attempt, eh?” said Battle.

“It was another attempt.”

“What has bothered me,” continued Battle, “was wondering what had
become of M. Lemoine here. I’d had word from Paris that he was on his
way over to work with me, and I couldn’t make out why he hadn’t turned
up.”

“I must indeed apologize,” said Lemoine. “You see, I arrived on the
morning after the murder. It occurred to me at once that it would
be as well for me to study things from an unofficial standpoint
without appearing officially as your colleague. I thought that great
possibilities lay that way. I was, of course, aware that I was bound to
be an object of suspicion, but that in a way furthered my plan since it
would not put people I was after on their guard. I can assure you that
I have seen a good deal that is interesting in the last two days.”

“But look here,” said Bill, “what really did happen last night?”

“I am afraid,” said M. Lemoine, “that I gave you rather violent
exercise.”

“It was you I chased then?”

“Yes. I will recount things to you. I came up here to watch, convinced
that the secret had to do with this room since the Prince had been
killed here. I stood outside on the terrace. Presently I became aware
that some one was moving about in this room. I could see the flash of a
torch now and again. I tried the middle window and found it unlatched.
Whether the man had entered that way earlier, or whether he had left
it so as a blind in case he was disturbed, I do not know. Very gently,
I pushed it back and slipped inside the room. Step by step I felt
my way until I was in a spot where I could watch operations without
likelihood of being discovered myself. The man himself I could not see
clearly. His back was to me, of course, and he was silhouetted against
the light of the torch so that his outline only could be seen. But his
actions filled me with surprise. He took to pieces first one and then
the other of those two suits of armour, examining each one piece by
piece. When he had convinced himself that what he sought was not there,
he began tapping the panelling of the wall under that picture. What he
would have done next, I do not know. The interruption came. _You_ burst
in——” He looked at Bill.

“Our well-meant interference was really rather a pity,” said Virginia
thoughtfully.

“In a sense, madame, it was. The man switched out his torch, and I, who
had no wish as yet to be forced to reveal my identity, sprang for the
window. I collided with the other two in the dark, and fell headlong. I
sprang up and out through the window. Mr. Eversleigh, taking me for his
assailant, followed.”

“I followed you first,” said Virginia. “Bill was only second in the
race.”

“And the other fellow had the sense to stay still and sneak out through
the door. I wonder he didn’t meet the rescuing crowd.”

“That would present no difficulties,” said Lemoine. “He would be a
rescuer in advance of the rest, that was all.”

“Do you really think this Arsène Lupin fellow is actually among the
household now?” asked Bill, his eyes sparkling.

“Why not?” said Lemoine. “He could pass perfectly as a servant. For all
we may know, he may be Boris Anchoukoff, the trusted servant of the
late Prince Michael.”

“He is an odd-looking bloke,” agreed Bill.

But Anthony was smiling.

“That’s hardly worthy of you, M. Lemoine,” he said gently.

The Frenchman smiled too.

“You’ve taken him on as your valet now, haven’t you, Mr. Cade?” asked
Superintendent Battle.

“Battle, I take off my hat to you. You know everything. But just as a
matter of detail, he’s taken me on, not I him.”

“Why was that, I wonder, Mr. Cade?”

“I don’t know,” said Anthony lightly. “It’s a curious taste, but
perhaps he may have liked my face. Or he may think I murdered his
master and wish to establish himself in a handy position for executing
revenge upon me.”

He rose and went over to the windows, pulling th