heir heels.

“Air’s nice and fresh,” remarked Battle. “Must be ventilated somehow.”

He walked on ahead. The floor was of rough uneven stone, but the
walls were bricked. As Bundle had said, the passage extended for a
bare hundred yards. Then it came to an abrupt end with a fallen heap
of masonry. Battle satisfied himself that there was no way of egress
beyond, and then spoke over his shoulder.

“We’ll go back, if you please. I wanted just to spy out the land, so to
speak.”

In a few minutes they were back again at the panelled entrance.

“We’ll start from here,” said Battle. “Seven straight, eight left,
three right. Take the first as paces.”

He paced seven steps carefully, and bending down examined the ground.

“About right, I should fancy. At one time or another, there’s been
a chalk mark made here. Now then, eight left. That’s not paces, the
passage is only wide enough to go Indian file anyway.”

“Say it in bricks,” suggested Anthony.

“Quite right, Mr. Cade. Eight bricks from the bottom or the top on the
left-hand side. Try from the bottom first—it’s easier.”

He counted up eight bricks.

“Now three to the right of that. One, two, three—Hullo—— Hullo,
what’s this?”

“I shall scream in a minute,” said Bundle, “I know I shall. _What_ is
it?”

Superintendent Battle was working at the brick with the point of his
knife. His practised eye had quickly seen that this particular brick
was different from the rest. A minute or two’s work, and he was able to
pull it right out. Behind was a small dark cavity. Battle thrust in his
hand.

Every one waited in breathless expectancy.

Battle drew out his hand again.

He uttered an exclamation of surprise and anger.

The others crowded round and stared uncomprehendingly at the three
articles he held. For a moment it seemed as though their eyes must have
deceived them.

A card of small pearl buttons, a square of coarse knitting and a piece
of paper on which were inscribed a row of capital E’s!

“Well,” said Battle. “I’m—I’m danged! What’s the meaning of this?”

“_Mon Dieu_,” muttered the Frenchman. “_Ça, c’est un peu trop fort!_”

“But what does it mean?” cried Virginia, bewildered.

“Mean?” said Anthony. “There’s only one thing it can mean. The late
Count Stylptitch must have had a sense of humour! This is an example
of that humour. I may say that I don’t consider it particularly funny
myself.”

“Do you mind explaining your meaning a little more clearly, sir?” said
Superintendent Battle.

“Certainly. This was the Count’s little joke. He must have suspected
that his memorandum had been read. When the crooks came to recover the
jewel, they were to find instead this extremely clever conundrum. It’s
the sort of thing you pin on to yourself at Book Teas, when people have
to guess what you are.”

“It has a meaning, then?”

“I should say, undoubtedly. If the Count had meant to be merely
offensive, he would have put a placard with ‘Sold’ on it, or a picture
of a donkey or something crude like that.”

“A bit of knitting, some capital E’s, and a lot of buttons,” muttered
Battle discontentedly.

“_C’est inoui_,” said Lemoine angrily.

“Cipher No. 2,” said Anthony. “I wonder whether Professor Wynward would
be any good at this one?”

“When was this passage last used, milady?” asked the Frenchman of
Bundle.

Bundle reflected.

“I don’t believe anyone’s been into it for over two years. The Priest’s
Hole is the show exhibit for Americans and tourists generally.”

“Curious,” murmured the Frenchman.

“Why curious?”

Lemoine stooped and picked up a small object from the floor.

“Because of this,” he said. “This match has not lain here for two
years—not even for two days.”

Battle looked at the match curiously. It was of pink wood, with a
yellow head.

“Any of you ladies or gentlemen drop this, by any chance?” he asked.

He received a negative all round.

“Well, then,” said Superintendent Battle, “we’ve seen all there is to
see. We might as well get out of here.”

The proposal was assented to by all. The panel had swung to, but Bundle
showed them how it was fastened from the inside. She unlatched it,
swung it noiselessly open, and sprang through the opening, alighting in
the Council Chamber with a resounding thud.

“Damn!” said Lord Caterham, springing up from an arm-chair in which he
appeared to have been taking forty winks.

“Poor old father,” said Bundle. “Did I startle you?”

“I can’t think,” said Lord Caterham, “why nobody nowadays ever sits
still after