n, what is there in this house that
is arranged in rows? Books, isn’t that so? Add to that, that in the
catalogue of Lord Caterham’s library there is a book called _The Life
of the Earl of Richmond_, and I think you will get a very fair idea
of the hiding-place. Starting at the volume in question, and using
the numbers to denote shelves and books, I think you will find that
the—er—object of our search is concealed in a dummy book, or in a
cavity behind a particular book.”

Anthony looked round modestly, obviously waiting for applause.

“Upon my word, that’s very ingenious,” said Lord Caterham.

“Quite ingenious,” admitted George condescendingly. “But it remains to
be seen——”

Anthony laughed.

“The proof of the pudding’s in the eating—eh? Well, I’ll soon settle
that for you.” He sprang to his feet. “I’ll go to the library——”

He got no further. M. Lemoine moved forward from the window.

“Just one moment, Mr. Cade. You permit, Lord Caterham?”

He went to the writing-table and hurriedly scribbled a few lines.
He sealed them up in an envelope, and then rang the bell. Tredwell
appeared in answer to it. Lemoine handed him the note.

“See that that is delivered at once, if you please.”

“Very good, sir,” said Tredwell.

With his usual dignified tread he withdrew.

Anthony, who had been standing, irresolute, sat down again.

“What’s the big idea, Lemoine?” he asked gently.

There was a sudden sense of strain in the atmosphere.

“If the jewel is where you say it is—well, it has been there for over
seven years—a quarter of an hour more does not matter.”

“Go on,” said Anthony. “That wasn’t all you wanted to say?”

“No, it was not. At this juncture, it is—unwise to permit any one
person to leave the room. Especially if that person has rather
questionable antecedents.”

Anthony raised his eyebrows, and lighted a cigarette.

“I suppose a vagabond life is not very respectable,” he mused.

“Two months ago, Mr. Cade, you were in South Africa. That is admitted.
Where were you before that?”

Anthony leaned back in his chair, idly blowing smoke rings.

“Canada. Wild North West.”

“Are you sure you were not in prison? A French prison?”

Automatically, Superintendent Battle moved a step nearer the door, as
if to cut off a retreat that way, but Anthony showed no signs of doing
anything dramatic.

Instead, he stared at the French detective, and then burst out laughing.

“My poor Lemoine. It is a monomania with you! You do indeed see King
Victor everywhere. So you fancy that I am that interesting gentleman?”

“Do you deny it?”

Anthony brushed a fleck of ash from his coat sleeve.

“I never deny anything that amuses me,” he said lightly. “But the
accusation is really too ridiculous.”

“Ah! you think so?” The Frenchman leant forward. His face was twitching
painfully, and yet he seemed perplexed and baffled—as though something
in Anthony’s manner puzzled him. “What if I tell you, Monsieur, that
this time—this time—I am out to get King Victor, and nothing shall
stop me!”

“Very laudable,” was Anthony’s comment. “You’ve been out to get him
before, though, haven’t you, Lemoine? And he’s got the better of you.
Aren’t you afraid that that may happen again? He’s a slippery fellow,
by all accounts.”

The conversation had developed into a duel between the detective and
Anthony. Every one else in the room was conscious of the tension. It
was a fight to a finish between the Frenchman, painfully in earnest,
and the man who smoked so calmly and whose words seemed to show that he
had not a care in the world.

“If I were you, Lemoine,” continued Anthony, “I should be very, very
careful. Watch your step, and all that sort of thing.”

“This time,” said Lemoine grimly, “there will be no mistake.”

“You seem very sure about it all,” said Anthony. “But there’s such a
thing as evidence, you know.”

Lemoine smiled, and something in his smile seemed to attract Anthony’s
attention. He sat up and stubbed out his cigarette.

“You saw that note I wrote just now?” said the French detective. “It
was to my people at the inn. Yesterday I received from France the
fingerprints and the Bertillon measurements of King Victor—the
so-called Captain O’Neill. I have asked for them to be sent up to me
here. In a few minutes we shall _know_ whether you are the man!”

Anthony stared steadily at him. Then a little smile crept over his face.

“You’re really rather clever, Lemoine. I never thought of that. The
documents will arrive, you will induce me to 