But who did he come here to blackmail?”

“Me, George.”

“But, my dear Virginia, what have you been doing?”

“Well, just for once, as it happens, I hadn’t been doing anything. The
good gentleman mistook me for someone else.”

“You rang up the police, I suppose?”

“No, I didn’t. I suppose you think I ought to have done so.”

“Well——” George considered weightily. “No, no, perhaps not—perhaps
you acted wisely. You might be mixed up in some unpleasant publicity in
connection with the case. You might even have had to give evidence——”

“I should have liked that,” said Virginia. “I would love to be
summoned, and I should like to see if judges really do make all the
rotten jokes you read about. It would be most exciting. I was at Vine
Street the other day to see about a diamond brooch I had lost, and
there was the most perfectly lovely inspector—the nicest man I ever
met.”

George, as was his custom, let all irrelevancies pass.

“But what did you do about this scoundrel?”

“Well, George, I’m afraid I let him do it.”

“Do what?”

“Blackmail me.”

George’s face of horror was so poignant that Virginia had to bite her
under lip.

“You mean—do I understand you to mean—that you did not correct the
misapprehension under which he was labouring?”

Virginia shook her head, shooting a sideways glance at him.

“Good heavens, Virginia, you must be mad.”

“I suppose it would seem that way to you.”

“But why? In God’s name, why?”

“Several reasons. To begin with he was doing it so
beautifully—blackmailing me, I mean—I hate to interrupt an artist
when he’s doing his job really well. And then, you see, I’d never been
blackmailed——”

“I should hope not, indeed.”

“And I wanted to see what it felt like.”

“I am quite at a loss to comprehend you, Virginia.”

“I knew you wouldn’t understand.”

“You did not give him money, I hope?”

“Just a trifle,” said Virginia apologetically.

“How much?”

“Forty pounds.”

“Virginia!”

“My dear George, it’s only what I pay for an evening dress. It’s just
as exciting to buy a new experience as it is to buy a new dress—more
so, in fact.”

George Lomax merely shook his head, and Chilvers appearing at that
moment with the tea urn, he was saved from having to express his
outraged feelings. When tea had been brought in, and Virginia’s deft
fingers were manipulating the heavy silver teapot, she spoke again on
the subject.

“I had another motive too, George—a brighter and better one. We women
are usually supposed to be cats, but at any rate I’d done another woman
a good turn this afternoon. This man isn’t likely to go off looking
for another Virginia Revel. He thinks he’s found his bird all right.
Poor little devil, she was in a blue funk when she wrote that letter.
Mr. Blackmailer would have had the easiest job of his life there.
Now, though he doesn’t know it, he’s up against a tough proposition.
Starting with the great advantage of having led a blameless life, I
shall toy with him to his undoing—as they say in books. Guile, George,
lots of guile.”

George still shook his head.

“I don’t like it,” he persisted. “I don’t like it.”

“Well, never mind, George dear. You didn’t come here to talk about
blackmailers. What did you come here for, by the way? Correct answer:
‘To see _you_!’ Accent on the you, and press her hand with significance
unless you happen to have been eating heavily buttered muffin, in which
case it must all be done with the eyes.”

“I did come to see you,” replied George seriously. “And I am glad to
find you alone.”

“Oh, George, this is so sudden,” says she, swallowing a currant.

“I wanted to ask a favour of you. I have always considered you,
Virginia, as a woman of considerable charm.”

“Oh, George!”

“And also a woman of intelligence!”

“Not really? How well the man knows me.”

“My dear Virginia, there is a young fellow arriving in England
to-morrow whom I should like you to meet.”

“All right, George, but it’s your party—let that be clearly
understood.”

“You could, I feel sure, if you chose, exercise your considerable
charm.”

Virginia cocked her head a little on one side.

“George, dear, I don’t ‘charm’ as a profession, you know. Often I like
people—and then, well, they like me. But I don’t think I could set
out in cold blood to fascinate a helpless stranger. That sort of thing
isn’t done, George, it really isn’t. There are professional sirens who
would do it much better than I should.”

“That is out of the question, Virginia. This young man, he 