. Revel?”

“I think the time has come to enlighten us a little.”

“To enlighten you? I don’t quite understand, Mrs. Revel.”

“Superintendent Battle, you understand perfectly. I dare say Mr. Lomax
has hedged you about with recommendations of secrecy—George would,
but surely it’s better to tell us than have us stumbling on the secret
all by ourselves, and perhaps doing untold harm. M. Lemoine, don’t you
agree with me?”

“Madame, I agree with you entirely.”

“You can’t go on keeping things dark for ever,” said Battle. “I’ve
told Mr. Lomax so. Mr. Eversleigh is Mr. Lomax’s secretary, there’s no
objection to his knowing what there is to know. As for Mr. Cade, he’s
been brought into the thing willy-nilly, and I consider he’s a right to
know where he stands. But——”

Battle paused.

“I know,” said Virginia. “Women are so indiscreet! I’ve often heard
George say so.”

Lemoine had been studying Virginia attentively. Now he turned to the
Scotland Yard man.

“Did I hear you just now address Madame by the name of Revel?”

“That is my name,” said Virginia.

“Your husband was in the Diplomatic Service, was he not? And you were
with him in Herzoslovakia just before the assassination of the late
King and Queen.”

“Yes.”

Lemoine turned again.

“I think Madame has a right to hear the story. She is indirectly
concerned. Moreover”—his eyes twinkled a little—“Madame’s reputation
for discretion stands very high in Diplomatic circles.”

“I’m glad they give me a good character,” said Virginia, laughing. “And
I’m glad I’m not going to be left out of it.”

“What about refreshments?” said Anthony. “Where does the conference
take place? Here?”

“If you please, sir,” said Battle, “I’ve a fancy for not leaving this
room until morning. You’ll see why when you’ve heard the story.”

“Then I’ll go and forage,” said Anthony.

Bill went with him and they returned with a tray of glasses, siphons
and other necessaries of life.

The augmented syndicate established itself comfortably in the corner by
the window, being grouped round a long oak table.

“It’s understood, of course,” said Battle, “that anything that’s said
here is said in strict confidence. There must be no leakage. I’ve
always felt it would come out one of these days. Gentlemen like Mr.
Lomax who want everything hushed up take bigger risks than they think.
The start of this business was just over seven years ago. There was a
lot of what they call Reconstruction going on—especially in the Near
East. There was a good deal going on in England, strictly on the Q.T.
with that old gentleman, Count Stylptitch, pulling the strings. All
the Balkan States were interested parties, and there were a lot of
Royal Personages in England just then. I’m not going into details,
but Something disappeared—disappeared in a way that seemed incredible
unless you admitted two things—that the thief was a Royal Personage
and that at the same time it was the work of a high-class professional.
M. Lemoine here will tell you how that well might be.”

The Frenchman bowed courteously and took up the tale.

“It is possible that you in England may not even have heard of our
famous and fantastic King Victor. What his real name is, no one knows,
but he is a man of singular courage and daring, one who speaks five
languages and is unequalled in the art of disguise. Though his father
is known to have been either English or Irish, he himself has worked
chiefly in Paris. It was there, nearly eight years ago, that he was
carrying out a daring series of robberies and living under the name of
Captain O’Neill.”

A faint exclamation escaped Virginia. M. Lemoine darted a keen glance
at her.

“I think I understand what agitates Madame. You will see in a minute.
Now we of the Sûreté had our suspicions that this Captain O’Neill was
none other than ‘King Victor,’ but we could not obtain the necessary
proof. There was also in Paris at the time a clever young actress,
Angèle Mory, of the Folies Bergères. For some time we had suspected
that she was associated with the operations of King Victor. But again
no proof was forthcoming.

“About that time, Paris was preparing for the visit of the young King
Nicholas IV of Herzoslovakia. At the Sûreté we were given special
instructions as to the course to be adopted to ensure the safety of His
Majesty. In particular we were warned to superintend the activities of
a certain Revolutionary organization which called itself the Comrades
of the Red Hand. It is fairly certain now that the Comra