 for wishing Michael Obolovitch
out of the way, since I was the next heir to the Throne. I’ve been
extraordinarily afraid of Battle all along. I always felt that he
suspected me, but that he was held up by lack of motive.”

“I never believed for a minute that you’d shot him, sir,” said
Superintendent Battle. “We’ve got a feeling in such matters. But I
knew that you were afraid of something, and you puzzled me. If I’d
known sooner who you really were, I dare say I’d have yielded to the
evidence, and arrested you.”

“I’m glad I managed to keep one guilty secret from you. You wormed
everything else out of me all right. You’re a damned good man at your
job, Battle. I shall always think of Scotland Yard with respect.”

“Most amazing,” muttered George. “Most amazing story I ever heard. I—I
can really hardly believe it. You are quite sure, Baron, that——”

“My dear Mr. Lomax,” said Anthony, with a slight hardness in his tone,
“I have no intention of asking the British Foreign Office to support
my claim without bringing forward the most convincing documentary
evidence. I suggest that we adjourn now, and that you, the Baron, Mr.
Isaacstein and myself discuss the terms of the proposed loan.”

The Baron rose to his feet, and clicked his heels together.

“It will be the proudest moment of my life, sir,” he said solemnly,
“when I see you King of Herzoslovakia.”

“Oh, by the way, Baron,” said Anthony carelessly, slipping his hand
through the other’s arm, “I forgot to tell you. There’s a string tied
to this. I’m married, you know.”

The Baron retreated a step or two. Dismay overspread his countenance.

“Something wrong I knew there would be,” he boomed. “Merciful God in
Heaven! He has married a black woman in Africa!”

“Come, come, it’s not so bad as all that,” said Anthony, laughing.
“She’s white enough—white all through, bless her.”

“Good. A respectable morganatic affair it can be, then.”

“Not a bit of it. She’s to play Queen to my King. It’s no use shaking
your head. She’s fully qualified for the post. She’s the daughter of
an English peer who dates back to the time of the Conqueror. It’s very
fashionable just now for Royalties to marry into the aristocracy—and
she knows something of Herzoslovakia.”

“My God!” cried George Lomax, startled out of his usual careful speech.
“Not—not—Virginia Revel?”

“Yes,” said Anthony. “Virginia Revel.”

“My dear fellow,” cried Lord Caterham, “I mean—sir, I congratulate
you, I do indeed. A delightful creature.”

“Thank you, Lord Caterham,” said Anthony. “She’s all you say and more.”

But Mr. Isaacstein was regarding him curiously.

“You’ll excuse my asking your Highness, but when did this marriage take
place?”

Anthony smiled back at him.

“As a matter of fact,” he said, “I married her this morning.”




30

Anthony Signs on for a New Job


“If you will go on, gentlemen, I will follow you in a minute,” said
Anthony.

He waited whilst the others filed out, and then turned to where
Superintendent Battle was standing apparently absorbed in examining the
panelling.

“Well, Battle? Want to ask me something, don’t you?”

“Well, I do, sir, though I don’t know how you knew I did. But I always
marked you out as being specially quick in the uptake. I take it that
the lady who is dead was the late Queen Varaga?”

“Quite right, Battle. It’ll be hushed up, I hope. You can understand
what I feel about family skeletons.”

“Trust Mr. Lomax for that, sir. No one will ever know. That is, a lot
of people will know, but it won’t get about.”

“Was that what you wanted to ask me about?”

“No, sir—that was only in passing. I was curious to know just what
made you drop your own name—if I’m not taking too much of a liberty?”

“Not a bit. I’ll tell you. I killed myself from the purest motives,
Battle. My mother was English, I’d been educated in England, and I
was far more interested in England than in Herzoslovakia. And I felt
an absolute fool knocking about the world with a comic opera title
tacked on to me. You see, when I was very young, I had democratic
ideas. Believed in the purity of ideals, and the equality of all men. I
especially disbelieved in Kings and Princes.”

“And since then?” asked Battle shrewdly.

“Oh, since then, I’ve travelled and seen the world. There’s damned
little equality going about. Mind you, I still believe in democracy.
But you’ve got to force it on people with a strong hand—ram it down
their throats. Men don’t want to be brothers—they may some day, but
they don’