us, and the details of the plan were laid. After the
party had retired to bed, first one and then another of the syndicate
crept down. They were all armed with powerful electric torches, and in
the pocket of Anthony’s coat lay a revolver.

Anthony had said that he believed another attempt to resume the search
would be made. Nevertheless, he did not expect that the attempt would
be made from outside. He believed that Virginia had been correct in her
guess that some one had passed her in the dark the night before, and as
he stood in the shadow of an old oak dresser it was towards the door
and not the window that his eyes were directed. Virginia was crouching
behind a figure in armour on the opposite wall, and Bill was by the
window.

The minutes passed, at interminable length. One o’clock chimed, then
the half-hour, then two, then another half-hour. Anthony felt stiff and
cramped. He was coming slowly to the conclusion that he had been wrong.
No attempt would be made to-night.

And then he stiffened suddenly, all his senses on the alert. He had
heard a footstep on the terrace outside. Silence again, then a low
scratching noise at the window. Suddenly it ceased, and the window
swung open. A man stepped across the sill into the room.

He stood quite still for a moment, peering round as though listening.
After a minute or two, seemingly satisfied, he switched on a torch
he carried, and turned it rapidly round the room. Apparently he saw
nothing unusual. The three watchers held their breath.

He went over to the same bit of panelled wall he had been examining the
night before.

And then a terrible knowledge smote Bill. He was going to sneeze! The
wild race through the dew-laden park the night before had given him a
chill. All day he had sneezed intermittently. A sneeze was due now, and
nothing on earth would stop it.

He adopted all the remedies he could think of. He pressed his upper
lip, swallowed hard, threw back his head and looked at the ceiling. As
a last resort he held his nose, and pinched it violently. It was of no
avail. He sneezed.

A stifled, checked, emasculated sneeze, but a startling sound in the
deadly quiet of the room.

The stranger sprang round, and in the same minute Anthony acted. He
flashed on his torch, and jumped full for the stranger. In another
minute they were down on the floor together.

“Lights,” shouted Anthony.

Virginia was ready at the switch. The lights came on true and full
to-night. Anthony was on top of his man, Bill leant down to give him a
hand.

“And now,” said Anthony, “let’s see who you are, my fine fellow.”

He rolled his victim over. It was the neat, dark-bearded stranger from
the _Cricketers_.

“Very nice indeed,” said an approving voice.

They all looked up startled. The bulky form of Superintendent Battle
was standing in the open doorway.

“I thought you were in London, Superintendent Battle,” said Anthony.

Battle’s eyes twinkled.

“Did you, sir?” he said. “Well, I thought it would be a good thing if I
was thought to be going.”

“And it has been,” agreed Anthony, looking down at his prostrate foe.

To his surprise there was a slight smile on the stranger’s face.

“May I get up, gentlemen?” he inquired. “You are three to one.”

Anthony kindly hauled him on to his legs. The stranger settled his
coat, pulled up his collar, and directed a keen look at Battle.

“I demand pardon,” he said, “but do I understand that you are a
representative from Scotland Yard?”

“That’s right,” said Battle.

“Then I will present to you my credentials.” He smiled rather ruefully.
“I would have been wise to do so before.”

He took some papers from his pocket and handed them to the Scotland
Yard detective. At the same time, he turned back the lapel of his coat
and showed something pinned there.

Battle gave an exclamation of astonishment. He looked through the
papers and handed them back with a little bow.

“I’m sorry you’ve been man-handled, monsieur,” he said, “but you
brought it on yourself, you know.”

He smiled, noting the astonished expression on the faces of the other.

“This is a colleague we have been expecting for some time,” he said.
“M. Lemoine, of the Sûreté in Paris.”




19

Secret History


They all stared at the French detective, who smiled back at them.

“But yes,” he said, “it is true.”

There was a pause for a general readjusting of ideas. Then Virginia
turned to Battle.

“Do you know what I think, Superintendent Battle?”

“What do you think, Mrs