et. It was as good
as a gold mine to him. It’s odd how things come about. They probably
called him Dutch Pedro or something like that out there.”

He caught Superintendent Battle’s expressionless glance bent upon him,
and smiled.

“It’s not really clairvoyance, Battle,” he said, “though it sounds like
it. I’ll tell you presently.”

“There is one thing you have not explained,” said Virginia. “Where does
this link up with the Memoirs? There must be a link, surely?”

“Madame is very quick,” said Lemoine approvingly. “Yes, there is a
link. Count Stylptitch was also staying at Chimneys at the time.”

“So that he might have known about it?”

“_Parfaitement._”

“And, of course,” said Battle, “if he’s blurted it out in his precious
Memoirs, the fat will be in the fire. Especially after the way the
whole thing was hushed up.”

Anthony lit a cigarette.

“There’s no possibility of there being a clue in the Memoirs as to
where the stone was hidden?” he asked.

“Very unlikely,” said Battle decisively. “He was never in with the
Queen—opposed the marriage tooth and nail. She’s not likely to have
taken him into her confidence.”

“I wasn’t suggesting such a thing for a minute,” said Anthony. “But
by all accounts he was a cunning old boy. Unknown to her, he may have
discovered where she hid the jewel. In that case, what would he have
done, do you think?”

“Sat tight,” said Battle, after a moment’s reflection.

“I agree,” said the Frenchman. “It was a ticklish moment, you see. To
return the stone anonymously would have presented great difficulties.
Also, the knowledge of its whereabouts would give him great power—and
he liked power, that strange old man. Not only did he hold the Queen
in the hollow of his hand, but he had a powerful weapon to negotiate
with at any time. It was not the only secret he possessed—oh, no!—he
collected secrets like some men collect rare pieces of china. It is
said that, once or twice before his death, he boasted to people of the
things he could make public if the fancy took him. And once at least
he declared that he intended to make some startling revelations in
his Memoirs. Hence”—the Frenchman smiled rather dryly—“the general
anxiety to get hold of them. Our own secret police intended to seize
them, but the Count took the precaution to have them conveyed away
before his death.”

“Still, there’s no real reason to believe that he knew this particular
secret,” said Battle.

“I beg your pardon,” said Anthony quietly. “There are his own words.”

“What?”

Both detectives stared at him as though unable to believe their ears.

“When Mr. McGrath gave me that manuscript to bring to England, he
told me the circumstances of his one meeting with Count Stylptitch.
It was in Paris. At some considerable risk to himself, Mr. McGrath
rescued the Count from a band of Apaches. He was, I understand—shall
we say a trifle—exhilarated? Being in that condition, he made two
rather interesting remarks. One of them was to the effect that he knew
where the Koh-i-noor was—a statement to which my friend paid very
little attention. He also said that the gang in question were King
Victor’s men. Taken together, those two remarks are very significant.”

“Good Lord,” ejaculated Superintendent Battle, “I should say they were.
Even the murder of Prince Michael wears a different aspect.”

“King Victor has never taken a life,” the Frenchman reminded him.

“Supposing he were surprised when he was searching for the jewel?”

“Is he in England, then?” asked Anthony sharply. “You say that he was
released a few months ago. Didn’t you keep track of him?”

A rather rueful smile overspread the French detective’s face.

“We tried to, monsieur. But he is a devil, that man. He gave us the
slip at once—at once. We thought, of course, that he would make
straight for England. But no. He went—where do you think?”

“Where?” said Anthony.

He was staring intently at the Frenchman, and absent-mindedly his
fingers played with a box of matches.

“To America. To the United States.”

“What?”

There was sheer amazement in Anthony’s tone.

“Yes, and what do you think he called himself? What part do you think
he played over there? The part of Prince Nicholas of Herzoslovakia.”

The match-box fell from Anthony’s hand, but his amazement was fully
equalled by that of Battle.

“Impossible.”

“Not so, my friend. You, too, will get the news in the morning. It
has been the most colossal bluff. As you know, Prince Nicholas was
rumoured to have died in 