d by England, Nicholas
by America. In both countries a group of financiers are anxious to
obtain the oil concessions. The Loyalist party adopted Michael as their
candidate—now they’ll have to look elsewhere. Gnashing of teeth on the
part of Isaacstein and Co. and Mr. George Lomax. Rejoicings in Wall
Street. Am I right?”

“You’re not far off,” said Superintendent Battle.

“H’m!” said Anthony. “I almost dare swear that I know what you were
doing in that copse.”

The detective smiled, but made no reply.

“International politics are very fascinating,” said Anthony, “but I
fear I must leave you. I have an appointment in the schoolroom.”

He strode briskly away towards the house. Inquiries of the dignified
Tredwell showed him the way to the schoolroom. He tapped on the door
and entered, to be greeted by squeals of joy.

Guggle and Winkle immediately rushed at him and bore him in triumph to
be introduced to Mademoiselle.

For the first time, Anthony felt a qualm. Mademoiselle Brun was a
small, middle-aged woman with a sallow face, pepper and salt hair, and
a budding moustache!

As the notorious foreign adventuress she did not fit into the picture
at all.

“I believe,” said Anthony to himself, “I’m making the most utter fool
of myself. Never mind, I must go through with it now.”

He was extremely pleasant to Mademoiselle, and she, on her part,
was evidently delighted to have a good-looking young man invade her
schoolroom. The meal was a great success.

But that evening, alone in the charming bedchamber that had been
allotted to him, Anthony shook his head several times.

“I’m wrong,” he said to himself. “For the second time, I’m wrong.
Somehow or other, I can’t get the hang of this thing.”

He stopped in his pacing of the floor.

“What the devil——” began Anthony.

The door was being softly opened. In another minute a man had slipped
into the room, and stood deferentially by the door.

He was a big fair man, squarely built, with high Slavonic cheek-bones,
and dreamy fanatic eyes.

“Who the devil are you?” asked Anthony, staring at him.

The man replied in perfect English.

“I am Boris Anchoukoff.”

“Prince Michael’s servant, eh?”

“That is so. I served my master. He is dead. Now I serve you.”

“It’s very kind of you,” said Anthony. “But I don’t happen to want a
valet.”

“You are my master now. I will serve you faithfully.”

“Yes—but—look here—I don’t need a valet. I can’t afford one.”

Boris Anchoukoff looked at him with a touch of scorn.

“I do not ask for money. I served my master. So will I serve you—to
the death!”

Stepping quickly forward, he dropped on one knee, caught Anthony’s hand
and placed it on his forehead. Then he rose swiftly and left the room
as suddenly as he had come.

Anthony stared after him, his face a picture of astonishment.

“That’s damned odd,” he said to himself. “A faithful sort of dog.
Curious the instincts these fellows have.”

He rose and paced up and down.

“All the same,” he muttered, “it’s awkward—damned awkward—just at
present.”




17

A Midnight Adventure


The inquest took place on the following morning. It was extraordinarily
unlike the inquests as pictured in sensational fiction. It satisfied
even George Lomax in its rigid suppression of all interesting details.
Superintendent Battle and the Coroner, working together with the
support of the Chief Constable, had reduced the proceedings to the
lowest level of boredom.

Immediately after the inquest, Anthony took an unostentatious departure.

His departure was the one bright spot in the day for Bill Eversleigh.
George Lomax, obsessed with the fear that something damaging to his
Department might leak out, had been exceedingly trying. Miss Oscar and
Bill had been in constant attendance. Everything useful and interesting
had been done by Miss Oscar. Bill’s part had been to run to and fro
with countless messages, to decode telegrams, and to listen by the hour
to George repeating himself.

It was a completely exhausted young man who retired to bed on Saturday
night. He had had practically no chance to talk to Virginia all
day, owing to George’s exactions, and he felt injured and ill-used.
Thank goodness, that Colonial fellow had taken himself off. He had
monopolized far too much of Virginia’s society anyway. And of course
if George Lomax went on making an ass of himself like this—— His
mind seething with resentment, Bill fell asleep. And, in dreams, came
consolation. For he dreamt of Virginia.

It was an h