attle nodded his
head.

“Oh, yes, no doubt as to his identity. By the way, that old Baron has a
very high opinion of you. He speaks of you in most enthusiastic terms.”

“That’s very kind of him,” said Anthony. “Especially as I’ve given him
full warning that I mean to do my utmost to get hold of the missing
Memoirs before Wednesday next.”

“You’ll have a job to do that,” said Battle.

“Y—es. You think so? I suppose King Victor and Co. have got the
letters.”

Battle nodded.

“Pinched them off Giuseppe that day in Pont Street. Prettily planned
piece of work, that. Yes, they’ve got ’em all right, and they’ve
decoded them, and they know where to look.”

Both men were on the point of passing out of the room.

“In here?” said Anthony, jerking his head back.

“Exactly, in here. But they haven’t found the prize yet, and they’re
going to run a pretty risk trying to get it.”

“I suppose,” said Anthony, “that you’ve got a plan in that subtle head
of yours?”

Battle returned no answer. He looked particularly stolid and
unintelligent. Then, very slowly, he winked.

“Want my help?” asked Anthony.

“I do. And I shall want some one else’s.”

“Who is that?”

“Mrs. Revel’s. You may not have noticed it, Mr. Cade, but she’s a lady
who has a particularly beguiling way with her.”

“I’ve noticed it all right,” said Anthony.

He glanced at his watch.

“I’m inclined to agree with you about bed, Battle. A dip in the lake
and a hearty breakfast will be far more to the point.”

He ran lightly upstairs to his bedroom. Whistling to himself, he
discarded his evening clothes, and picked up a dressing-gown and a bath
towel.

Then suddenly he stopped dead in front of the dressing-table, staring
at the object that reposed demurely in front of the looking-glass.

For a moment he could not believe his eyes. He took it up, examined it
closely. Yes, there was no mistake.

It was the bundle of letters signed Virginia Revel. They were intact.
Not one was missing.

Anthony dropped into a chair, the letters in his hand.

“My brain must be cracking,” he murmured. “I can’t understand a quarter
of what is going on in this house. Why should the letters reappear like
a damned conjuring trick? Who put them on my dressing-table? Why?”

And to all these very pertinent questions he could find no satisfactory
reply.




21

Mr. Isaacstein’s Suit-case


At ten o’clock that morning, Lord Caterham and his daughter were
breakfasting. Bundle was looking very thoughtful.

“Father,” she said at last.

Lord Caterham, absorbed in _The Times_, did not reply.

“Father,” said Bundle again, more sharply.

Lord Caterham, torn from his interested perusal of forthcoming sales of
rare books, looked up absent-mindedly.

“Eh?” he said. “Did you speak?”

“Yes. Who is it who’s had breakfast?”

She nodded towards a place that had evidently been occupied. The rest
were all expectant.

“Oh, what’s-his-name.”

“Fat Iky?”

Bundle and her father had enough sympathy between them to comprehend
each other’s somewhat misleading observations.

“That’s it.”

“Did I see you talking to the detective this morning before breakfast?”

Lord Caterham sighed.

“Yes, he buttonholed me in the hall. I do think the hours before
breakfast should be sacred. I shall have to go abroad. The strain on my
nerves——”

Bundle interrupted unceremoniously.

“What did he say?”

“Said every one who wanted to could clear out.”

“Well,” said Bundle, “that’s all right. That’s what you’ve been
wanting.”

“I know. But he didn’t leave it at that. He went on to say that
nevertheless he wanted me to ask every one to stay on.”

“I don’t understand,” said Bundle, wrinkling her nose.

“So confusing and contradictory,” complained Lord Caterham. “And before
breakfast too.”

“What did you say?”

“Oh, I agreed, of course. It’s never any good arguing with these
people. Especially before breakfast,” continued Lord Caterham,
reverting to his principal grievance.

“Who have you asked so far?”

“Cade. He was up very early this morning. He’s going to stop on. I
don’t mind that. I can’t quite make the fellow out; but I like him—I
like him very much.”

“So does Virginia,” said Bundle, drawing a pattern on the table with
her fork.

“Eh?”

“And so do I. But that doesn’t seem to matter.”

“And I asked Isaacstein,” continued Lord Caterham.

“Well?”

“But fortunately he’s got to go back to town. Don’t forget to order the
car for the 10.40, by the way.”

“All right.”

“Now if I ca