y knew well enough that it was of no use to pursue him. His
way of retreat was doubtless fully assured. Anthony would merely get
himself into trouble.

He walked over to the bed, thrusting his hand beneath the pillow and
drawing out the Memoirs. Lucky that they had been there and not in the
suit-case. He crossed over to the suit-case and looked inside, meaning
to take out the letters.

Then he swore softly under his breath.

_The letters were gone._




6

The Gentle Art of Blackmail


It was exactly five minutes to four when Virginia Revel, rendered
punctual by a healthy curiosity, returned to the house in Pont Street.
She opened the door with her latchkey, and stepped into the hall to be
immediately confronted by the impassive Chilvers.

“I beg pardon, ma’am, but a—a person has called to see you——”

For the moment, Virginia did not pay attention to the subtle
phraseology whereby Chilvers cloaked his meaning.

“Mr. Lomax? Where is he? In the drawing-room?”

“Oh, no, ma’am, not Mr. Lomax.” Chilvers’ tone was faintly reproachful.
“A person—I was reluctant to let him in, but he said his business
was most important—connected with the late Captain, I understood
him to say. Thinking therefore that you might wish to see him, I put
him—er—in the study.”

Virginia stood thinking for a minute. She had been a widow now for some
years, and the fact that she rarely spoke of her husband was taken by
some to indicate that below her careless demeanour was a still aching
wound. By others it was taken to mean the exact opposite, that Virginia
had never really cared for Tim Revel, and that she found it insincere
to profess a grief she did not feel.

“I should have mentioned, ma’am,” continued Chilvers, “that the man
appears to be some kind of foreigner.”

Virginia’s interest heightened a little. Her husband had been in the
Diplomatic Service, and they had been together in Herzoslovakia just
before the sensational murder of the King and Queen. This man might
probably be a Herzoslovakian, some old servant who had fallen on evil
days.

“You did quite right, Chilvers,” she said with a quick, approving nod.
“Where did you say you had put him? In the study?”

She crossed the hall with her light buoyant step, and opened the door
of the small room that flanked the dining-room.

The visitor was sitting in a chair by the fireplace. He rose on her
entrance and stood looking at her. Virginia had an excellent memory for
faces, and she was at once quite sure that she had never seen the man
before. He was tall and dark, supple in figure, and quite unmistakably
a foreigner; but she did not think he was of Slavonic origin. She put
him down as Italian or possibly Spanish.

“You wished to see me?” she asked. “I am Mrs. Revel.”

The man did not answer for a minute or two. He was looking her slowly
over, as though appraising her narrowly. There was a veiled insolence
in his manner which she was quick to feel.

“Will you please state your business?” she said, with a touch of
impatience.

“You are Mrs. Revel? Mrs. Timothy Revel?”

“Yes. I told you so just now.”

“Quite so. It is a good thing that you consented to see me, Mrs. Revel.
Otherwise, as I told your butler, I should have been compelled to do
business with your husband.”

Virginia looked at him in astonishment, but some impulse quelled the
retort that sprang to her lips. She contented herself by remarking
dryly:

“You might have found some difficulty in doing that.”

“I think not. I am very persistent. But I will come to the point.
Perhaps you recognize this?”

He flourished something in his hand. Virginia looked at it without much
interest.

“Can you tell me what it is, madame?”

“It appears to be a letter,” replied Virginia, who was by now convinced
that she had to do with a man who was mentally unhinged.

“And perhaps you note to whom it is addressed,” said the man
significantly, holding it out to her.

“I can read,” Virginia informed him pleasantly. “It is addressed to a
Captain O’Neill at Rue de Quenelles No. 15, Paris.”

The man seemed searching her face hungrily for something he did not
find.

“Will you read it, please?”

Virginia took the envelope from him, drew out the enclosure and glanced
at it; but almost immediately she stiffened and held it out to him
again.

“This is a private letter—certainly not meant for my eyes.”

The man laughed sardonically.

“I congratulate you, Mrs. Revel, on your admirable acting. You play
your part to perfection. Neverth