w. He
pushed the window, and it yielded to his touch.

Very softly he held aside the thick velvet curtain, so that they could
look into the room.

Standing by the bookcase was a dark figure, hurriedly pulling out and
replacing volumes, so absorbed in the task that no outside sound was
heeded.

And then, as they stood watching, trying to recognize the figure that
was vaguely silhouetted against the light of the electric torch it
carried, some one sprang past them with a sound like the roar of a wild
beast.

The torch fell to the ground, was extinguished, and the sounds of a
terrific struggle filled the room. Lord Caterham groped his way to the
lights and switched them on.

Two figures were swaying together. And as they looked the end came. The
short sharp crack of a pistol shot, and the smaller figure crumpled up
and fell. The other figure turned and faced them—it was Boris, his
eyes alight with rage.

“She killed my Master,” he growled. “Now she tries to shoot me. I would
have taken the pistol from her and shot her, but it went off in the
struggle. St. Michael directed it. The evil woman is dead.”

“A woman?” cried George Lomax.

They drew nearer. On the floor, the pistol still clasped in her hand,
and an expression of deadly malignity on her face, lay—Mademoiselle
Brun.




28

King Victor


“I suspected her from the first,” explained Anthony. “There was a
light in her room on the night of the murder. Afterwards, I wavered.
I made inquiries about her in Brittany, and came back satisfied that
she was what she represented herself to be. I was a fool. Because the
Comtesse de Breteuil had employed a Mademoiselle Brun and spoke highly
of her, it never occurred to me that the real Mademoiselle Brun might
have been kidnapped on her way to her new post, and that it might be
a substitute taking her place. Instead I shifted my suspicions to Mr.
Fish. It was not until he had followed me to Dover, and we had had a
mutual explanation that I began to see clearly. Once I knew that he was
a Pinkerton’s man, trailing King Victor, my suspicions swung back again
to their original object.

“The thing that worried me most was that Mrs. Revel had definitely
recognized the woman. Then I remembered that it was only _after_
I had mentioned her being Madame de Breteuil’s governess. And all
she had said was that that accounted for the fact that the woman’s
face was familiar to her. Superintendent Battle will tell you that a
deliberate plot was formed to keep Mrs. Revel from coming to Chimneys.
Nothing more nor less than a dead body, in fact. And though the murder
was the work of the Comrades of the Red Hand, punishing supposed
treachery on the part of the victim, the staging of it, and the absence
of the Comrades’ sign manual, pointed to some abler intelligence
directing operations. From the first, I suspected some connection
with Herzoslovakia. Mrs. Revel was the only member of the house party
who had been to the country. I suspected at first that some one was
impersonating Prince Michael, but that proved to be a totally erroneous
idea. When I realized the possibility of Mademoiselle Brun’s being an
impostor, and added to that the fact that her face was familiar to Mrs.
Revel, I began to see daylight. It was evidently very important that
she should not be recognized, and Mrs. Revel was the only person likely
to do so.”

“But who was she?” said Lord Caterham. “Some one Mrs. Revel had known
in Herzoslovakia?”

“I think the Baron might be able to tell us,” said Anthony.

“I?” The Baron stared at him, then down at the motionless figure.

“Look well,” said Anthony. “Don’t be put off by the make-up. She was an
actress once, remember.”

The Baron stared again. Suddenly he started.

“God in heaven,” he breathed, “it is not possible.”

“What is not possible?” asked George. “Who is the lady? You recognize
her, Baron?”

“No, no, it is not possible.” The Baron continued to mutter. “She was
killed. They were both killed. On the steps of the Palace. Her body was
recovered.”

“Mutilated and unrecognizable,” Anthony reminded him. “She managed to
put up a bluff. I think she escaped to America, and has spent a good
many years lying low in deadly terror of the Comrades of the Red Hand.
They promoted the Revolution, remember, and, to use an expressive
phrase, they always had it in for her. Then King Victor was released,
and they planned to recover the diamond together. She was searching
for it that night when she came suddenly upon Prince Mich