robably there’s nothing in it. All the same, I mean to see
Mademoiselle before the day is out.”

Lunch was somewhat of an ordeal. Even the cheerful impartiality of
Bundle failed to reconcile the heterogeneous assembly. The Baron and
Andrassy were correct, formal, full of etiquette, and had the air of
attending a meal in a mausoleum. Lord Caterham was lethargic and
depressed. Bill Eversleigh stared longingly at Virginia. George, very
mindful of the trying position in which he found himself, conversed
weightily with the Baron and Mr. Isaacstein. Guggle and Winkle,
completely beside themselves with joy of having a murder in the house,
had to be continually checked and kept under, whilst Mr. Hiram Fish
slowly masticated his food, and drawled out dry remarks in his own
peculiar idiom. Superintendent Battle had considerately vanished, and
nobody knew what had become of him.

“Thank God that’s over,” murmured Bundle to Anthony, as they left the
table. “And George is taking the foreign contingent over to the Abbey
this afternoon to discuss State secrets.”

“That will possibly relieve the atmosphere,” agreed Anthony.

“I don’t mind the American so much,” continued Bundle. “He and Father
can talk first editions together quite happily in some secluded spot.
Mr. Fish”—as the object of their conversation drew near—“I’m planning
a peaceful afternoon for you.”

The American bowed.

“That’s too kind of you, Lady Eileen.”

“Mr. Fish,” said Anthony, “had quite a peaceful morning.”

Mr. Fish shot a quick glance at him.

“Ah, sir, you observed me, then, in my seclooded retreat? There are
moments, sir, when far from the madding crowd is the only motto for a
man of quiet tastes.”

Bundle had drifted on, and the American and Anthony were left together.
The former dropped his voice a little.

“I opine,” he said, “that there is considerable mystery about this
little dust up?”

“Any amount of it,” said Anthony.

“That guy with the bald head was perhaps a family connection?”

“Something of the kind.”

“These Central European nations beat the band,” declared Mr. Fish.
“It’s kind of being rumoured around that the deceased gentleman was a
Royal Highness. Is that so, do you know?”

“He was staying here as Count Stanislaus,” replied Anthony evasively.

To this Mr. Fish offered no further rejoinder than the somewhat cryptic:

“Oh! boy.”

After which he relapsed into silence for some moments.

“This police captain of yours,” he observed at last, “Battle, or
whatever his name is, is he the goods all right?”

“Scotland Yard thinks so,” replied Anthony dryly.

“He seems kind of hide-bound to me,” remarked Mr. Fish. “No hustle to
him. This big idea of his, letting no one leave the house, what is
there to it?”

He darted a very sharp look at Anthony as he spoke.

“Everyone’s got to attend the inquest to-morrow morning, you see.”

“That’s the idea, is it? No more to it than that? No question of Lord
Caterham’s guests being suspected?”

“My dear Mr. Fish!”

“I was getting a mite uneasy—being a stranger in this country. But of
course it was an outside job—I remember now. Window found unfastened,
wasn’t it?”

“It was,” said Anthony, looking straight in front of him.

Mr. Fish sighed. After a minute or two he said in a plaintive tone:

“Young man, do you know how they get the water out of a mine?”

“How?”

“By pumping—but its almighty hard work! I observe the figure of my
genial host detaching itself from the group over yonder. I must join
him.”

Mr. Fish walked gently away, and Bundle drifted back again.

“Funny Fish, isn’t he?” she remarked.

“He is.”

“It’s no good looking at Virginia,” said Bundle sharply.

“I wasn’t.”

“You were. I don’t know how she does it. It isn’t what she says, I
don’t even believe it’s what she looks. But, oh, boy! she gets there
every time. Anyway, she’s on duty elsewhere for the time. She told
me to be nice to you, and I’m going to be nice to you—by force if
necessary.”

“No force required,” Anthony assured her. “But, if it’s all the same to
you, I’d rather you were nice to me on the water, in a boat.”

“It’s not a bad idea,” said Bundle meditatively.

They strolled down to the lake together.

“There’s just one question I’d like to ask you,” said Anthony as
he paddled gently out from the shore, “before we turn to really
interesting topics. Business before pleasure.”

“Whose bedroom do you want to know about now?” asked Bundle with weary
patience.

“Nobody’s bedroom for the moment. But I w