dip my fingers in the ink,
or something equally unpleasant, you will measure my ears and look for
my distinguishing marks. And if they agree——”

“Well,” said Lemoine, “if they agree—eh?”

Anthony leaned forward in his chair.

“Well, if they do agree,” he said very gently, “what then?”

“What then?” The detective seemed taken aback. “But—I shall have
proved then that you are King Victor!”

But for the first time, a shade of uncertainty crept into his manner.

“That will doubtless be a great satisfaction to you,” said Anthony.
“But I don’t quite see where it’s going to hurt me. I’m not admitting
anything, but supposing, just for the sake of argument, that I was King
Victor—I might be trying to repent, you know.”

“Repent?”

“That’s the idea. Put yourself in King Victor’s place, Lemoine. Use
your imagination. You’ve just come out of prison. You’re getting on
in life. You’ve lost the first fine rapture of the adventurous life.
Say, even, that you meet a beautiful girl. You think of marrying and
settling down somewhere in the country where you can grow vegetable
marrows. You decide from henceforth to lead a blameless life. Put
yourself in King Victor’s place. Can’t you imagine feeling like that?”

“I do not think that I should feel like that,” said Lemoine with a
sardonic smile.

“Perhaps you wouldn’t,” admitted Anthony. “But then you’re not King
Victor, are you? You can’t possibly know what he feels like.”

“But it is nonsense, what you are saying there,” spluttered the
Frenchman.

“Oh, no, it isn’t. Come now, Lemoine, if I’m King Victor, what have you
against me after all? You could never get the necessary evidence in
the old, old days, remember. I’ve served my sentence, and that’s all
there is to it. I suppose you could arrest me for the French equivalent
of ‘Loitering with intent to commit a felony,’ but that would be poor
satisfaction, wouldn’t it?”

“You forget,” said Lemoine. “America! How about this business of
obtaining money under false pretences, and passing yourself off as
Prince Nicholas Obolovitch?”

“No good, Lemoine,” said Anthony, “I was nowhere near America at the
time. And I can prove that easily enough. If King Victor impersonated
Prince Nicholas in America, then I’m not King Victor. You’re sure he
_was_ impersonated? That it wasn’t the man himself?”

Superintendent Battle suddenly interposed.

“The man was an impostor all right, Mr. Cade.”

“I wouldn’t contradict you, Battle,” said Anthony. “You have such a
habit of being always right. Are you equally sure that Prince Nicholas
died in the Congo?”

Battle looked at him curiously.

“I wouldn’t swear to that, sir. But it’s generally believed.”

“Careful man. What’s your motto? Plenty of rope, eh? I’ve taken a
leaf out of your book. I’ve given M. Lemoine plenty of rope. I’ve not
denied his accusations. But, all the same, I’m afraid he’s going to be
disappointed. You see I always believe in having something up one’s
sleeve. Anticipating that some little unpleasantness might arise here,
I took the precaution to bring a trump card along with me. It—or
rather he—is upstairs.”

“Upstairs?” said Lord Caterham, very interested.

“Yes, he’s been having rather a trying time of it lately, poor fellow.
Got a nasty bump on the head from some one. I’ve been looking after
him.”

Suddenly the deep voice of Mr. Isaacstein broke in:

“Can we guess who he is?”

“If you like,” said Anthony, “but——”

Lemoine interrupted with sudden ferocity:

“All this is foolery. You think to outwit me yet again. It may be true
what you say—that you were not in America. You are too clever to say
it if it were not true. But there is something else. Murder! Yes,
murder. The murder of Prince Michael. He interfered with you that night
as you were looking for the jewel.”

“Lemoine, have you ever known King Victor to do murder?” Anthony’s
voice rang out sharply. “You know as well—better than I do, that he
has never shed blood.”

“Who else but you could have murdered him?” cried Lemoine. “Tell me
that!”

The last word died on his lips, as a shrill whistle sounded from the
terrace outside. Anthony sprang up, all his assumed nonchalance laid
aside.

“You ask me who murdered Prince Michael?” he cried. “I won’t tell
you—I’ll _show_ you. That whistle was the signal I’ve been waiting
for. The murderer of Prince Michael is in the library now.”

He sprang out through the window, and the others followed him as he led
the way round the terrace, until they came to the library windo