ordeal.

He was aware, none better, of the peril in which he stood. In the short
space of twenty-four hours, he had become embroiled in two separate
crimes. His actions in connection with the first would not bear looking
into for a second. After deliberately disposing of one body, and so
defeating the aims of justice, he had arrived upon the scene of the
second crime at the exact moment when it was being committed. For a
young man looking for trouble, he could hardly have done better.

“South America,” thought Anthony to himself, “simply isn’t in it with
this!”

He had already decided upon his course of action. He was going to tell
the truth—with one trifling alteration, and one grave suppression.

“The story begins,” said Anthony, “about three weeks ago—in Bulawayo.
Mr. Lomax, of course, knows where that is—outpost of the Empire—‘What
do we know of England who only England know?’ all that sort of thing. I
was conversing with a friend of mine, a Mr. James McGrath—”

He brought out the name slowly, with a thoughtful eye on George. George
bounded in his seat and repressed an exclamation with difficulty.

“The upshot of our conversation was that I came to England to carry
out a little commission for Mr. McGrath, who was unable to go himself.
Since the passage was booked in his name, I travelled as James
McGrath. I don’t know what particular kind of offence that was—the
superintendent can tell me, I dare say, and run me in for so many
months’ hard if necessary.”

“We’ll get on with the story, if you please, sir,” said Battle, but his
eyes twinkled a little.

“On arrival in London I went to the Blitz Hotel, still as James
McGrath. My business in London was to deliver a certain manuscript to a
firm of publishers, but almost immediately I received deputations from
the representatives of two political parties of a foreign kingdom. The
methods of one were strictly constitutional, the methods of the other
were not. I dealt with them both accordingly. But my troubles were not
over. That night my room was broken into, and an attempt at burglary
was made by one of the waiters at the hotel.”

“That was not reported to the police, I think?” said Superintendent
Battle.

“You are right. It was not. Nothing was taken, you see. But I did
report the occurrence to the manager of the hotel, and he will confirm
my story, and tell you that the waiter in question decamped rather
abruptly in the middle of the night. The next day, the publishers
rang me up, and suggested that one of their representatives would
call upon me and receive the manuscript. I agreed to this, and the
arrangement was duly carried out on the following morning. Since I
have heard nothing further, I presume the manuscript reached them
safely. Yesterday, still as James McGrath, I received a letter from Mr.
Lomax——”

Anthony paused. He was by now beginning to enjoy himself. George
shifted uneasily.

“I remember,” he murmured. “Such a large correspondence. The name, of
course, being different, I could not be expected to know. And I may
say,” George’s voice rose a little, firm in the assurance of moral
stability, “that I consider this—this—masquerading as another man in
the highest degree improper. I have no doubt, no doubt whatever, that
you have incurred a severe legal penalty.”

“In this letter,” continued Anthony, unmoved, “Mr. Lomax made various
suggestions concerning the manuscript in my charge. He also extended an
invitation to me from Lord Caterham to join the house party here.”

“Delighted to see you, my dear fellow,” said that nobleman. “Better
late than never—eh?”

George frowned at him.

Superintendent Battle bent an unmoved eye upon Anthony.

“And is that your explanation of your presence here last night, sir?”
he asked.

“Certainly not,” said Anthony warmly. “When I am asked to stay at a
country-house, I don’t scale the wall late at night, tramp across the
park, and try the downstairs windows. I drive up to the front door,
ring the bell and wipe my feet on the mat. I will proceed. I replied to
Mr. Lomax’s letter, explaining that the manuscript had passed out of
my keeping, and therefore regretfully declining Lord Caterham’s kind
invitation. But after I had done so, I remembered something which had
up till then escaped my memory.” He paused. The moment had come for
skating over thin ice. “I must tell you that in my struggle with the
waiter Giuseppe, I had wrested from him a small bit of paper with some
words scribbled on it. They had conveyed nothing to me