ce. Not in his room. I have searched.
Found following memorandum which I think refers to it_: “RICHMOND SEVEN
STRAIGHT EIGHT LEFT THREE RIGHT.”

“S.?” said Anthony. “Stylptitch, of course. Cunning old dog. He changed
the hiding-place.”

“Richmond,” said Virginia thoughtfully. “Is the diamond concealed
somewhere at Richmond, I wonder?”

“It’s a favourite spot for Royalties,” agreed Anthony.

Battle shook his head.

“I still think it’s a reference to something in this house.”

“I know,” cried Virginia suddenly.

Both men turned to look at her.

“The Holbein portrait in the Council Chamber. They were tapping on the
wall just below it. And it’s a portrait of the Earl of Richmond!”

“You’ve got it,” said Battle, and slapped his leg.

He spoke with an animation quite unwonted.

“That’s the starting-point, the picture, and the crooks know no more
than we do what the figures refer to. Those two men in armour stand
directly underneath the picture, and their first idea was that the
diamond was hidden in one of them. The measurements might have been
inches. That failed, and their next idea was a secret passage or
stairway, or a sliding panel. Do you know of any such thing, Mrs.
Revel?”

Virginia shook her head.

“There’s a Priest’s Hole, and at least one secret passage, I know,” she
said. “I believe I’ve been shown them once, but I can’t remember much
about them now. Here’s Bundle, she’ll know.”

Bundle was coming quickly along the terrace towards them.

“I’m taking the Panhard up to town after lunch,” she remarked. “Anyone
want a lift? Wouldn’t you like to come, Mr. Cade? We’ll be back by
dinner-time.”

“No, thanks,” said Anthony. “I’m quite happy and busy down here.”

“The man fears me,” said Bundle. “Either my driving or my fatal
fascination! Which is it?”

“The latter,” said Anthony. “Every time.”

“Bundle, dear,” said Virginia, “is there any secret passage leading out
of the Council Chamber?”

“Rather. But it’s only a mouldy one. Supposed to lead from Chimneys to
Wyvvern Abbey. So it did in the old, old days, but it’s all blocked up
now. You can only get along it for about a hundred yards from this end.
The one upstairs in the White Gallery is ever so much more amusing, and
the Priest’s Hole isn’t half bad.”

“We’re not regarding them from an artistic standpoint,” explained
Virginia. “It’s business. How do you get into the Council Chamber one?”

“Hinged panel. I’ll show you after lunch if you like.”

“Thank you,” said Superintendent Battle. “Shall we say at 2.30?”

Bundle looked at him with lifted eyebrows.

“Crook stuff?” she inquired.

Tredwell appeared on the terrace.

“Luncheon is served, my lady,” he announced.




23

Encounter in the Rose Garden


At 2.30 a little party met together in the Council Chamber: Bundle,
Virginia, Superintendent Battle, M. Lemoine and Anthony Cade.

“No good waiting until we can get hold of Mr. Lomax,” said Battle.
“This is the kind of business one wants to get on with quickly.”

“If you’ve got any idea that Prince Michael was murdered by some one
who got in this way, you’re wrong,” said Bundle. “It can’t be done. The
other end’s blocked completely.”

“There is no question of that, milady,” said Lemoine quickly. “It is
quite a different search that we make.”

“Looking for something, are you?” asked Bundle quickly. “Not the
historic what-not, by any chance?”

Lemoine looked puzzled.

“Explain yourself, Bundle,” said Virginia encouragingly. “You can when
you try.”

“The thingummybob,” said Bundle. “The historic diamond of purple
princes that was pinched in the dark ages before I grew to years of
discretion.”

“Who told you this, Lady Eileen?” asked Battle.

“I’ve always known. One of the footmen told me when I was twelve years
old.”

“A footman,” said Battle. “Lord! I’d like Mr. Lomax to have heard that!”

“Is it one of George’s closely guarded secrets?” asked Bundle. “How
perfectly screaming! I never really thought it was true. George always
was an ass—he must know that servants always know everything.”

She went across to the Holbein portrait, touched a spring concealed
somewhere at the side of it, and immediately, with a creaking noise, a
section of the panelling swung inward, revealing a dark opening.

“Entrez, Messieurs et Mesdames,” said Bundle dramatically. “Walk up,
walk up, dearies. Best show of the season, and only a tanner.”

Both Lemoine and Battle were provided with torches. They entered the
dark aperture first, the others close on t