as waiting for the meal to arrive, he got out the package of
manuscript and put it on the table with the letters.

There was a knock at the door, and the waiter entered with a small
table and the accessories of the meal. Anthony had strolled over to the
mantelpiece. Standing there with his back to the room, he was directly
facing the mirror, and idly glancing in it he noticed a curious thing.

The waiter’s eyes were glued on the parcel of manuscript. Shooting
little glances sideways at Anthony’s immovable back, he moved softly
round the table. His hands were twitching, and he kept passing his
tongue over his dry lips. Anthony observed him more closely. He was a
tall man, supple like all waiters, with a clean-shaven, mobile face. An
Italian, Anthony thought, not a Frenchman.

At the critical moment Anthony wheeled round abruptly. The waiter
started slightly, but pretended to be doing something with the salt
cellar.

“What’s your name?” asked Anthony abruptly.

“Giuseppe, Monsieur.”

“Italian, eh?”

“Yes, Monsieur.”

Anthony spoke to him in that language, and the man answered fluently
enough. Finally Anthony dismissed him with a nod, but all the while
he was eating the excellent meal which Giuseppe served to him, he was
thinking rapidly.

Had he been mistaken? Was Giuseppe’s interest in the parcel just
ordinary curiosity? It might be so, but remembering the feverish
intensity of the man’s excitement, Anthony decided against that theory.
All the same, he was puzzled.

“Dash it all,” said Anthony to himself, “every one can’t be after the
blasted manuscript. Perhaps I’m fancying things.”

Dinner concluded and cleared away, he applied himself to the perusal of
the Memoirs. Owing to the illegibility of the late Count’s handwriting,
the business was a slow one. Anthony’s yawns succeeded one another with
suspicious rapidity. At the end of the fourth chapter, he gave it up.

So far, he had found the Memoirs insufferably dull, with no hint of
scandal of any kind.

He gathered up the letters and the wrapping of the manuscript which
were lying in a heap together on the table and locked them up in the
suit-case. Then he locked the door, and as an additional precaution put
a chair against it. On the chair he placed the water-bottle from the
bathroom.

Surveying these preparations with some pride, he undressed and got into
bed. He had one more shot at the Count’s Memoirs, but felt his eyelids
drooping, and stuffing the manuscript under his pillow, he switched out
the light and fell asleep almost immediately.

It must have been some four hours later that he awoke with a start.
What had awakened him he did not know—perhaps a sound, perhaps only
the consciousness of danger which in men who have led an adventurous
life is very fully developed.

For a moment he lay quite still, trying to focus his impressions. He
could hear a very stealthy rustle, and then he became aware of a denser
blackness somewhere between him and the window—on the floor by the
suit-case.

With a sudden spring, Anthony jumped out of bed, switching the light on
as he did so. A figure sprang up from where it had been kneeling by the
suit-case.

It was the waiter, Giuseppe. In his right hand gleamed a long thin
knife. He hurled himself straight upon Anthony, who was by now fully
conscious of his own danger. He was unarmed and Giuseppe was evidently
thoroughly at home with his own weapon.

Anthony sprang to one side, and Giuseppe missed him with the knife.
The next minute the two men were rolling on the floor together, locked
in a close embrace. The whole of Anthony’s faculties were centred on
keeping a close grip of Giuseppe’s right arm so that he would be unable
to use the knife. He bent it slowly back. At the same time he felt the
Italian’s other hand clutching at his windpipe, stifling him, choking.
And still, desperately, he bent the right arm back.

There was a sharp tinkle as the knife fell on the floor. At the same
time, the Italian extricated himself with a swift twist from Anthony’s
grasp. Anthony sprang up too, but made the mistake of moving towards
the door to cut off the other’s retreat. He saw, too late, that the
chair and the water-bottle were just as he had arranged them.

Giuseppe had entered by the window, and it was the window he made for
now. In the instant’s respite given him by Anthony’s move toward the
door, he had sprung out on the balcony, leaped over to the adjoining
balcony and had disappeared through the adjoining window.

Anthon