 to say. Remember
my age and my widowed state, and go and make love to a pure young girl.”

“My darling Virginia—Oh, blast! here’s that French idiot bearing down
on us.”

It was indeed M. Lemoine, black-bearded and correct of demeanour as
ever.

“Good morning, madame. You are not fatigued, I trust?”

“Not in the least.”

“That is excellent. Good morning, Mr. Eversleigh.”

“How would it be if we promenaded ourselves a little, the three of us?”
suggested the Frenchman.

“How about it, Bill?” said Virginia.

“Oh, all right,” said the unwilling young gentleman by her side.

He heaved himself up from the grass, and the three of them walked
slowly along. Virginia between the two men. She was sensible at once of
a strange undercurrent of excitement in the Frenchman, though she had
no clue as to what caused it.

Soon, with her usual skill, she was putting him at his ease, asking him
questions, listening to his answers, and gradually drawing him out.
Presently he was telling them anecdotes of the famous King Victor. He
talked well, albeit with a certain bitterness, as he described the
various ways in which the detective bureau had been outwitted.

But all the time, despite the real absorption of Lemoine in his own
narrative, Virginia had a feeling that he had some other object in
view. Moreover, she judged that Lemoine, under cover of his story, was
deliberately striking out his own course across the park. They were
not just strolling idly. He was deliberately guiding them in a certain
direction.

Suddenly, he broke off his story and looked round. They were
standing just where the drive intersected the park before turning an
abrupt corner by a clump of trees. Lemoine was staring at a vehicle
approaching them from the direction of the house.

Virginia’s eyes followed his.

“It’s the luggage cart,” she said, “taking Isaacstein’s luggage and his
valet to the station.”

“Is that so?” said Lemoine. He glanced down at his own watch and
started. “A thousand pardons. I have been longer here than I
meant—such charming company. Is it possible, do you think, that I
might have a lift to the village?”

He stepped out on to the drive, and signalled with his arm. The luggage
cart stopped, and after a word or two of explanation Lemoine climbed in
behind. He raised his hat politely to Virginia, and drove off.

The other two stood and watched the cart disappearing with puzzled
expressions. Just as the cart swung round the bend, a suit-case fell
off into the drive. The cart went on.

“Come on,” said Virginia to Bill. “We’re going to see something
interesting. That suit-case was thrown out.”

“Nobody’s noticed it,” said Bill.

They ran down the drive towards the fallen piece of luggage. Just as
they reached it, Lemoine came round the corner of the bend on foot. He
was hot from walking fast.

“I was obliged to descend,” he said pleasantly. “I found that I had
left something behind.”

“This?” said Bill, indicating the suit-case.

It was a handsome case of heavy pigskin, with the initials H. I. on it.

“What a pity!” said Lemoine gently. “It must have fallen out. Shall we
lift it from the road?”

Without waiting for a reply, he picked up the suit-case, and carried it
over to the belt of trees. He stooped over it, something flashed in his
hand, and the lock slipped back.

He spoke, and his voice was totally different, quick and commanding.

“The car will be here in a minute,” he said. “Is it in sight?”

Virginia looked back towards the house.

“No.”

“Good.”

With deft fingers he tossed the things out of the suit-case.
Gold-topped bottle, silk pyjamas, a variety of socks. Suddenly his
whole figure stiffened. He caught up what appeared to be a bundle of
silk underwear, and unrolled it rapidly.

A slight exclamation broke from Bill. In the centre of the bundle was a
heavy revolver.

“I hear the horn,” said Virginia.

Like lightning, Lemoine repacked the suit-case. The revolver he wrapped
in a silk handkerchief of his own, and slipped into his pocket. He
snapped the locks of the suit-case, and turned quickly to Bill.

“Take it. Madame will be with you. Stop the car, and explain that it
fell off the luggage cart. Do not mention me.”

Bill stepped quickly down to the drive just as the big Lanchester
limousine with Isaacstein inside it came round the corner. The
chauffeur slowed down, and Bill swung the suit-case up to him.

“Fell off the luggage cart,” he explained. “We happened to see it.”

He caught a momentary glimps