eless, I think that you will hardly be
able to deny the signature!”

“The signature?”

Virginia turned the letter over—and was struck dumb with astonishment.
The signature, written in a delicate slanting hand, was Virginia Revel.
Checking the exclamation of astonishment that rose to her lips, she
turned again to the beginning of the letter and deliberately read the
whole thing through. Then she stood a minute lost in thought. The
nature of the letter made it clear enough what was in prospect.

“Well, madame?” said the man. “That is your name, is it not?”

“Oh, yes,” said Virginia. “It’s my name.” “But not my handwriting,” she
might have added.

Instead she turned a dazzling smile upon her visitor.

“Supposing,” she said sweetly, “we sit down and talk it over?”

He was puzzled. Not so had he expected her to behave. His instinct
told him that she was not afraid of him.

“First of all, I should like to know how you found me out?”

“That was easy.”

He took from his pocket a page torn from an illustrated paper, and
handed it to her. Anthony Cade would have recognized it.

She gave it back to him with a thoughtful little frown.

“I see,” she said. “It was very easy.”

“Of course you understand, Mrs. Revel, that that is not the only
letter. There are others.”

“Dear me,” said Virginia, “I seem to have been frightfully indiscreet.”

Again she could see that her light tone puzzled him. She was by now
thoroughly enjoying herself.

“At any rate,” she said, smiling sweetly at him, “it’s very kind of you
to call and give them back to me.”

There was a pause as he cleared his throat.

“I am a poor man, Mrs. Revel,” he said at last, with a good deal of
significance in his manner.

“As such you will doubtless find it easier to enter the Kingdom of
Heaven, or so I have always heard.”

“I cannot afford to let you have these letters for nothing.”

“I think you are under a misapprehension. Those letters are the
property of the person who wrote them.”

“That may be the law, madame, but in this country you have a saying
‘Possession is nine points of the law.’ And, in any case, are you
prepared to invoke the aid of the law?”

“The law is a severe one for blackmailers,” Virginia reminded him.

“Come, Mrs. Revel, I am not quite a fool. I have read these
letters—the letters of a woman to her lover, one and all breathing
dread of discovery by her husband. Do you want me to take them to your
husband?”

“You have overlooked one possibility. Those letters were written some
years ago. Supposing that since then—I have become a widow.”

He shook his head with confidence.

“In that case—if you had nothing to fear—you would not be sitting
here making terms with me.”

Virginia smiled.

“What is your price?” she asked in a business-like manner.

“For one thousand pounds I will hand the whole packet over to you. It
is very little that I am asking there; but, you see, I do not like the
business.”

“I shouldn’t dream of paying you a thousand pounds,” said Virginia with
decision.

“Madame, I never bargain. A thousand pounds, and I will place the
letters in your hands.”

Virginia reflected.

“You must give me a little time to think it over. It will not be easy
for me to get such a sum together.”

“A few pounds on account perhaps—say fifty—and I will call again.”

Virginia looked up at the clock. It was five minutes past four, and she
fancied that she had heard the bell.

“Very well,” she said hurriedly. “Come back to-morrow, but later than
this. About six.”

She crossed over to a desk that stood against the wall, unlocked one of
the drawers, and took out an untidy handful of notes.

“There is about forty pounds here. That will have to do for you.”

He snatched at it eagerly.

“And now go at once, please,” said Virginia.

He left the room obediently enough. Through the open door, Virginia
caught a glimpse of George Lomax in the hall, just being ushered
upstairs by Chilvers. As the front door closed, Virginia called to him.

“Come in here, George. Chilvers, bring us tea in here, will you please?”

She flung open both windows, and George Lomax came into the room to
find her standing erect with dancing eyes and wind-blown hair.

“I’ll shut them in a minute, George, but I felt the room ought to be
aired. Did you fall over the blackmailer in the hall?”

“The what?”

“Blackmailer, George. B.L.A.C.K.M.A.I.L.E.R? Blackmailer. One who
blackmails.”

“My dear Virginia, you can’t be serious!”

“Oh, but I am, George.”

“