born and bred in
them for generations that nobody else’s opinion counts but their own.
I’ve always found the upper classes the same—fearless, truthful and
sometimes extraordinarily foolish.”

“This is a very interesting lecture, Battle. I suppose you’ll be
writing your Reminiscences one of these days. They ought to be worth
reading too.”

The detective acknowledged the suggestion with a smile, but said
nothing.

“I’d rather like to ask you one question,” continued Anthony. “Did you
connect me at all with the Staines affair? I fancied, from your manner,
that you did.”

“Quite right. I had a hunch that way. But nothing definite to go upon.
Your manner was very good, if I may say so, Mr. Cade. You never overdid
the carelessness.”

“I’m glad of that,” said Anthony. “I’ve a feeling that ever since I met
you you’ve been laying little traps for me. On the whole I’ve managed
to avoid falling into them, but the strain has been acute.”

Battle smiled grimly.

“That’s how you get a crook in the end, sir. Keep him on the run, to
and fro, turning and twisting. Sooner or later, his nerve goes, and
you’ve got him.”

“You’re a cheerful fellow, Battle. When will you get me, I wonder?”

“Plenty of rope, sir,” quoted the superintendent, “plenty of rope.”

“In the meantime,” said Anthony, “I am still the amateur assistant?”

“That’s it, Mr. Cade.”

“Watson to your Sherlock, in fact?”

“Detective stories are mostly bunkum,” said Battle unemotionally. “But
they amuse people,” he added, as an afterthought. “And they’re useful
sometimes.”

“In what way?” asked Anthony curiously.

“They encourage the universal idea that the police are stupid. When we
get an amateur crime, such as a murder, that’s very useful indeed.”

Anthony looked at him for some minutes in silence. Battle sat quite
still, blinking now and then, with no expression whatsoever on his
square placid face. Presently he rose.

“Not much good going to bed now,” he observed. “As soon as he’s up, I
want to have a few words with his lordship. Anyone who wants to leave
the house can do so now. At the same time I should be much obliged to
his lordship if he’ll extend an informal invitation to his guests to
stay on. You’ll accept it, sir, if you please, and Mrs. Revel also.”

“Have you ever found the revolver?” asked Anthony suddenly.

“You mean the one Prince Michael was shot with? No, I haven’t. Yet
it must be in the house or grounds. I’ll take a hint from you, Mr.
Cade, and send some boys up bird’s-nesting. If I could get hold of the
revolver, we might get forward a bit. That, and the bundle of letters.
You say that a letter with the heading, Chimneys, was amongst them?
Depend upon it that was the last one written. The instructions for
finding the diamond are written in code in that letter.”

“What’s your theory of the killing of Giuseppe?” asked Anthony.

“I should say he was a regular thief, and that he was got hold of,
either by King Victor or by the Comrades of the Red Hand, and employed
by them. I shouldn’t wonder at all if the Comrades and King Victor
aren’t working together. The organization has plenty of money and
power, but it isn’t very strong in brains. Giuseppe’s task was to steal
the Memoirs—they couldn’t have known that you had the letters—it’s a
very odd coincidence that you should have, by the way.”

“I know,” said Anthony. “It’s amazing when you come to think of it.”

“Giuseppe gets hold of the letters instead. Is at first vastly
chagrined. Then sees the cutting from the paper and has the brilliant
idea of turning them to account on his own by blackmailing the lady. He
has, of course, no idea of their real significance. The Comrades find
out what he is doing, believe that he is deliberately double crossing
them, and decree his death. They’re very fond of executing traitors.
It has a picturesque element which seems to appeal to them. What I
can’t quite make out is the revolver with ‘Virginia’ engraved upon it.
There’s too much finesse about that for the Comrades. As a rule, they
enjoy plastering their Red Hand sign about—in order to strike terror
into other would-be traitors. No, it looks to me as though King Victor
had stepped in there. But what his motive was, I don’t know. It looks
like a very deliberate attempt to saddle Mrs. Revel with the murder,
and, on the surface, there doesn’t seem any particular point in that.”

“I had a theory,” said Anthony. “But it didn’t work out according to
plan.”

He told Battle of Virginia’s recognition of Michael. B