 of his life—with this difference that the account given
to Virginia needed no editing. He finished up with his own astonished
recognition of “Mr. Holmes.”

“By the way, Mrs. Revel,” he ended, “I’ve never thanked you for
imperilling your immortal soul by saying that I was an old friend of
yours.”

“Of course you’re an old friend,” cried Virginia. “You don’t suppose
I’d cumber you with a corpse, and then pretend you were a mere
acquaintance next time I met you? No, indeed!”

She paused.

“Do you know one thing that strikes me about all this?” she went on.
“That there’s some extra mystery about those Memoirs that we haven’t
fathomed yet.”

“I think you’re right,” agreed Anthony. “There’s one thing I’d like you
to tell me,” he continued.

“What’s that?”

“Why did you seem so surprised when I mentioned the name of Jimmy
McGrath to you yesterday at Pont Street? Had you heard it before?”

“I had, Sherlock Holmes. George—my cousin, George Lomax, you
know—came to see me the other day, and suggested a lot of frightfully
silly things. His idea was that I should come down here and make
myself agreeable to this man McGrath and Delilah the Memoirs out of
him somehow. He didn’t put it like that, of course. He talked a lot of
nonsense about English gentlewomen, and things like that, but his real
meaning was never obscure for a moment. It was just the sort of rotten
thing poor old George would think of. And then I wanted to know too
much, and he tried to put me off with lies that wouldn’t have deceived
a child of two.”

“Well, his plan seems to have succeeded, anyhow,” observed Anthony.
“Here am I, the James McGrath he had in mind, and here are you being
agreeable to me.”

“But, alas, for poor old George, no Memoirs! Now I’ve got a question
for you. When I said I hadn’t written those letters, you said you knew
I hadn’t—you couldn’t know any such thing?”

“Oh, yes, I could,” said Anthony, smiling. “I’ve got a good working
knowledge of psychology.”

“You mean your belief in the sterling worth of my moral character was
such that——”

But Anthony was shaking his head vigorously.

“Not at all. I don’t know anything about your moral character. You
might have a lover, and you might write to him. But you’d never lie
down to be blackmailed. The Virginia Revel of those letters was scared
stiff. You’d have fought.”

“I wonder who the real Virginia Revel is—where she is, I mean. It
makes me feel as though I had a double somewhere.”

Anthony lit a cigarette.

“You know that one of the letters was written from Chimneys?” he asked
at last.

“What?” Virginia was clearly startled. “When was it written?”

“It wasn’t dated. But it’s odd, isn’t it?”

“I’m perfectly certain no other Virginia Revel has ever stayed at
Chimneys. Bundle or Lord Caterham would have said something about the
coincidence of the name if she had.”

“Yes. It’s rather queer. Do you know, Mrs. Revel, I am beginning to
disbelieve profoundly in this other Virginia Revel.”

“She’s very elusive,” agreed Virginia.

“Extraordinarily elusive. I am beginning to think that the person who
wrote those letters deliberately used your name.”

“But why?” cried Virginia. “Why should they do such a thing?”

“Ah, that’s just the question. There’s the devil of a lot to find out
about everything.”

“Who do you really think killed Michael?” asked Virginia suddenly. “The
Comrades of the Red Hand?”

“I suppose they might have done so,” said Anthony in a dissatisfied
voice. “Pointless killing would be rather characteristic of them.”

“Let’s get to work,” said Virginia. “I see Lord Caterham and Bundle
strolling together. The first thing to do is to find out definitely
whether the dead man is Michael or not.”

Anthony paddled to shore and a few moments later they had joined Lord
Caterham and his daughter.

“Lunch is late,” said his lordship in a depressed voice. “Battle has
insulted the cook, I expect.”

“This is a friend of mine, Bundle,” said Virginia. “Be nice to him.”

Bundle looked earnestly at Anthony for some minutes, and then addressed
a remark to Virginia as though he had not been there.

“Where do you pick up these nice-looking men, Virginia? ‘How do you do
it?’ says she enviously.”

“You can have him,” said Virginia generously. “I want Lord Caterham.”

She smiled upon the flattered peer, slipped her hand through his arm
and they moved off together.

“Do you talk?” asked Bundle. “Or are you just strong and silent?”

“Talk?” said Anthony. “I babble. I murmur. I gurgl