 can we have a yarn
together?”

Anthony sighed.

“I’ve got to take these cackling hens to see Rhodes’s grave.”

“That’s the stuff,” said Jimmy approvingly. “They’ll come back bumped
black and blue with the ruts in the road, and clamouring for bed
to rest the bruises on. Then you and I will have a spot or two and
exchange the news.”

“Right. So long, Jimmy.”

Anthony rejoined his flock of sheep. Miss Taylor, the youngest and most
skittish of the party, instantly attacked him.

“Oh, Mr. Cade, was that an old friend of yours?”

“It was, Miss Taylor. One of the friends of my blameless youth.”

Miss Taylor giggled.

“I thought he was such an interesting-looking man.”

“I’ll tell him you said so.”

“Oh, Mr. Cade, how can you be so naughty! The very idea! What was that
name he called you?”

“Gentleman Joe?”

“Yes. Is your name Joe?”

“I thought you knew it was Anthony, Miss Taylor.”

“Oh, go on with you!” cried Miss Taylor coquettishly.

Anthony had by now well mastered his duties. In addition to making the
necessary arrangements of travel, they included soothing down irritable
old gentlemen when their dignity was ruffled, seeing that elderly
matrons had ample opportunities to buy picture postcards, and flirting
with everything under a catholic forty years of age. The last task
was rendered easier for him by the extreme readiness of the ladies in
question to read a tender meaning into his most innocent remarks.

Miss Taylor returned to the attack.

“Why does he call you Joe, then?”

“Oh, just because it isn’t my name.”

“And why Gentleman Joe?”

“The same kind of reason.”

“Oh, Mr. Cade,” protested Miss Taylor, much distressed, “I’m sure you
shouldn’t say that. Papa was only saying last night what gentlemanly
manners you had.”

“Very kind of your father, I’m sure, Miss Taylor.”

“And we are all agreed that you are quite the gentleman.”

“I’m overwhelmed.”

“No, really, I mean it.”

“Kind hearts are more than coronets,” said Anthony vaguely, without a
notion of what he meant by the remark, and wishing fervently it was
lunch time.

“That’s such a beautiful poem, I always think. Do you know much poetry,
Mr. Cade?”

“I might recite ‘The boy stood on the burning deck’ at a pinch. ‘The
boy stood on the burning deck, whence all but he had fled.’ That’s all
I know, but I can do that bit with action if you like. ‘The boy stood
on the burning deck’—whoosh—whoosh—whoosh—(the flames, you see)
‘Whence all but he had fled’—for that bit I run to and fro like a dog.”

Miss Taylor screamed with laughter.

“Oh, do look at Mr. Cade! Isn’t he funny?”

“Time for morning tea,” said Anthony briskly. “Come this way. There is
an excellent café in the next street.”

“I presume,” said Mrs. Caldicott, in her deep voice, “that the expense
is included in the Tour?”

“Morning tea, Mrs. Caldicott,” said Anthony, assuming his professional
manner, “is an extra.”

“Disgraceful.”

“Life is full of trials, isn’t it?” said Anthony cheerfully. Mrs.
Caldicott’s eyes gleamed, and she remarked with the air of one
springing a mine:

“I suspected as much, and in anticipation I poured off some tea into a
jug at breakfast this morning! I can heat that up on the spirit lamp.
Come, father.”

Mr. and Mrs. Caldicott sailed off triumphantly to the hotel, the lady’s
back complacent with successful forethought.

“Oh, Lord,” muttered Anthony, “what a lot of funny people it does take
to make a world.”

He marshalled the rest of the party in the direction of the café. Miss
Taylor kept by his side, and resumed her catechism.

“Is it a long time since you saw your friend?”

“Just over seven years.”

“Was it in Africa you knew him?”

“Yes, not this part though. The first time I ever saw Jimmy McGrath, he
was all trussed up ready for the cooking pot. Some of the tribes in the
interior are cannibals, you know. We got there just in time.”

“What happened?”

“Very nice little shindy. We potted some of the beggars, and the rest
took to their heels.”

“Oh, Mr. Cade, what an adventurous life you must have led!”

“Very peaceful, I assure you.”

But it was clear that the lady did not believe him.

       *       *       *       *       *

It was about ten o’clock that night when Anthony Cade walked into the
small room where Jimmy McGrath was busy manipulating various bottles.

“Make it strong, James,” he implored. “I can tell you, I need it.”

“I should think you did, my boy. I wouldn’t take on that job of yours
for anything.”

“Sh