eroic dream, a dream of burning timbers in which he played
the part of the gallant rescuer. He brought down Virginia from the
topmost story in his arms. She was unconscious. He laid her on the
grass. Then he went off to find a packet of sandwiches. It was most
important that he should find that packet of sandwiches. George had it,
but instead of giving it up to Bill, he began to dictate telegrams.
They were now in the vestry of a church, and any minute Virginia might
arrive to be married to him. Horror! He was wearing pyjamas. He must
get home at once and find his proper clothes. He rushed out to the
car. The car would not start. No petrol in the tank! He was getting
desperate. And then a big General ’bus drew up and Virginia got out
of it on the arm of the bald headed Baron. She was deliciously cool,
and exquisitely dressed in grey. She came over to him and shook him by
the shoulders playfully. “Bill,” she said. “Oh, Bill.” She shook him
harder. “Bill,” she said. “Wake up. Oh, do wake up!”

Very dazed, Bill woke up. He was in his bedroom at Chimneys. But part
of the dream was with him still. Virginia was leaning over him, and was
repeating the same words with variations.

“Wake up, Bill. Oh, do wake up. Bill.”

“Hullo!” said Bill, sitting up in bed. “What’s the matter?”

Virginia gave a sigh of relief.

“Thank goodness. I thought you’d never wake up. I’ve been shaking you
and shaking you. Are you properly awake now?”

“I think so,” said Bill doubtfully.

“You great lump,” said Virginia. “The trouble I’ve had! My arms are
aching.”

“These insults are uncalled for,” said Bill, with dignity. “Let me say,
Virginia, that I consider your conduct most unbecoming. Not at all that
of a pure young widow.”

“Don’t be an idiot, Bill. Things are happening.”

“What kind of things?”

“Queer things. In the Council Chamber. I thought I heard a door bang
somewhere, and I came down to see. And then saw a light in the Council
Chamber. I crept along the passage, and peeped through the crack of the
door. I couldn’t see much, but what I could see was so extraordinary
that I felt I must see more. And then, all of a sudden, I felt that I
should like a nice, big, strong man with me. And you were the nicest
and biggest and strongest man I could think of, so I came in and tried
to wake you up quietly. But I’ve been ages doing it.”

“I see,” said Bill. “And what do you want me to do now? Get up and
tackle the burglars?”

Virginia wrinkled her brows.

“I’m not sure that they are burglars. Bill, it’s very queer—— But
don’t let’s waste time talking. Get up.”

Bill slipped obediently out of bed.

“Wait while I don a pair of boots—the big ones with nails in them.
However big and strong I am, I’m not going to tackle hardened criminals
with bare feet.”

“I like your pyjamas, Bill,” said Virginia dreamily. “Brightness
without vulgarity.”

“While we’re on the subject,” remarked Bill, reaching for his second
boot, “I like that thingummybob of yours. It’s a pretty shade of green.
What do you call it? It’s not just a dressing-gown, is it?”

“It’s a _négligé_” said Virginia. “I’m glad you’ve led such a pure
life, Bill.”

“I haven’t,” said Bill indignantly.

“You’ve just betrayed the fact. You’re very nice, Bill, and I like you.
I dare say that to-morrow morning—say about ten o’clock, a good safe
hour for not unduly exciting the emotions—I might even kiss you.”

“I always think these things are best carried out on the spur of the
moment,” suggested Bill.

“We’ve other fish to fry,” said Virginia. “If you don’t want to put on
a gas mask and a shirt of chain mail, shall we start?”

“I’m ready,” said Bill.

He wriggled into a lurid silk dressing-gown, and picked up a poker.

“The orthodox weapon,” he observed.

“Come on,” said Virginia, “and don’t make a noise.”

They crept out of the room and along the corridor, and then down the
wide double staircase. Virginia frowned as they reached the bottom of
it.

“Those boots of yours aren’t exactly domes of silence, are they, Bill?”

“Nails will be nails,” said Bill. “I’m doing my best.”

“You’ll have to take them off,” said Virginia firmly.

Bill groaned.

“You can carry them in your hand. I want to see if you can make out
what’s going on in the Council Chamber. Bill, it’s awfully mysterious.
Why should burglars take a man in armour to pieces?”

“Well, I suppose they can’t take him away whole very well. They
disarticulate him, and pack him neatly.”

Virginia shook her head, dissatisfied.