e big staircase. If only Bill could hold his man until help
came.

But at that minute there was a final terrific upheaval. They must have
crashed into one of the figures in armour, for it fell to the ground
with a deafening noise. Virginia saw dimly a figure springing for the
window, and at the same time heard Bill cursing and disengaging himself
from fragments of armour.

For the first time, she left her post, and rushed wildly for the figure
at the window. But the window was already unlatched. The intruder had
no need to stop and fumble for it. He sprang out and raced away down
the terrace and round the corner of the house. Virginia raced after
him. She was young and athletic, and she turned the corner of the
terrace not many seconds after her quarry.

But there she ran headlong into the arms of a man who was emerging from
a small side door. It was Mr. Hiram P. Fish.

“Gee! It’s a lady,” he exclaimed. “Why, I beg your pardon, Mrs. Revel.
I took you for one of the thugs fleeing from justice.”

“He’s just passed this way,” cried Virginia breathlessly. “Can’t we
catch him?”

But, even as she spoke, she knew it was too late. The man must have
gained the park by now, and it was a dark night with no moon. She
retraced her steps to the Council Chamber, Mr. Fish by her side,
discoursing in a soothing monotone upon the habits of burglars in
general, of which he seemed to have a wide experience.

Lord Caterham, Bundle, and various frightened servants were standing in
the doorway of the Council Chamber.

“What the devil’s the matter?” asked Bundle. “Is it burglars? What are
you and Mr. Fish doing, Virginia? Taking a midnight stroll?”

Virginia explained the events of the evening.

“How frightfully exciting,” commented Bundle. “You don’t usually get
a murder and a burglary crowded into one week-end. What’s the matter
with the lights in here? They’re all right everywhere else.”

That mystery was soon explained. The bulbs had simply been removed
and laid in a row against the wall. Mounted on a pair of steps, the
dignified Tredwell, dignified even in undress, restored illumination to
the stricken apartment.

“If I am not mistaken,” said Lord Caterham in his sad voice as he
looked around him, “this room has recently been the centre of somewhat
violent activity.”

There was some justice in the remark. Everything that could have
been knocked over had been knocked over. The floor was littered with
splintered chairs, broken china, and fragments of armour.

“How many of them were there?” asked Bundle. “It seems to have been a
desperate fight.”

“Only one, I think,” said Virginia. But, even as she spoke, she
hesitated a little. Certainly only one person—a man—had passed out
through the window. But as she had rushed after him, she had had a
vague impression of a rustle somewhere close at hand. If so, the second
occupant of the room could have escaped through the door. Perhaps,
though, the rustle had been an effect of her own imagination.

Bill appeared suddenly at the window. He was out of breath and panting
hard.

“Damn the fellow!” he exclaimed wrathfully. “He’s escaped. I’ve been
hunting all over the place. Not a sign of him.”

“Cheer up, Bill,” said Virginia, “better luck next time.”

“Well,” said Lord Caterham, “what do you think we’d better do now? Go
back to bed? I can’t get hold of Badgworthy at this time of night.
Tredwell, you know the sort of thing that’s necessary. Just see to it,
will you?”

“Very good, my lord.”

With a sigh of relief, Lord Caterham prepared to retreat.

“That beggar, Isaacstein, sleeps soundly,” he remarked, with a touch of
envy. “You’d have thought all this row would have brought him down.” He
looked across at Mr. Fish. “You found time to dress, I see,” he added.

“I flung on a few articles of clothing, yes,” admitted the American.

“Very sensible of you,” said Lord Caterham. “Damned chilly things,
pyjamas.”

He yawned. In a rather depressed mood, the house party retired to bed.




18

Second Midnight Adventure


The first person that Anthony saw as he alighted from his train on the
following afternoon was Superintendent Battle. His face broke into a
smile.

“I’ve returned according to contract,” he remarked. “Did you come down
here to assure yourself of the fact?”

Battle shook his head.

“I wasn’t worrying about that, Mr. Cade. I happen to be going to
London, that’s all.”

“You have such a trustful nature, Battle.”

“Do you think so, sir?”

“No. I think you’re deep—ver