 a meal. It’s a lost art. God knows Chimneys is big enough,
but even here there doesn’t seem to be a single room where I can be
sure of a little peace. Good Lord, how many of you are there? Reminds
me of the Pantomimes I used to go to as a boy when hordes of demons
used to pop up out of trapdoors.”

“Demon No. 7,” said Virginia, approaching him, and patting him on the
head. “Don’t be cross. We’re just exploring secret passages, that’s
all.”

“There seems to be a positive boom in secret passages to-day,” grumbled
Lord Caterham, not yet completely mollified. “I’ve had to show that
fellow Fish round them all this morning.”

“When was that?” asked Battle quickly.

“Just before lunch. It seems he’d heard of the one in here. I showed
him that, and then took him up to the White Gallery, and we finished
up with the Priest’s Hole. But his enthusiasm was waning by that time.
He looked bored to death. But I made him go through with it.” Lord
Caterham chuckled at the remembrance.

Anthony put a hand on Lemoine’s arm.

“Come outside,” he said softly. “I want to speak to you.”

The two men went out together through the window. When they had gone a
sufficient distance from the house, Anthony drew from his pocket the
scrap of paper that Boris had given him that morning.

“Look here,” he said. “Did you drop this?”

Lemoine took it and examined it with some interest.

“No,” he said. “I have never seen it before. Why?”

“Quite sure?”

“Absolutely sure, Monsieur.”

“That’s very odd.”

He repeated to Lemoine what Boris had said. The other listened with
close attention.

“No, I did not drop it. You say he found it in that clump of trees?”

“Well, I assumed so, but he did not actually say so.”

“It is just possible that it might have fluttered out of M.
Isaacstein’s suit-case. Question Boris again.” He handed the paper back
to Anthony. After a minute or two he said: “What exactly do you know of
this man Boris?”

Anthony shrugged his shoulders.

“I understood he was the late Prince Michael’s trusted servant.”

“It may be so, but make it your business to find out. Ask some one who
knows, such as the Baron Lolopretjzyl. Perhaps this man was engaged but
a few weeks ago. For myself, I have believed him honest. But who knows?
King Victor is quite capable of making himself into a trusted servant
at a moment’s notice.”

“Do you really think——”

Lemoine interrupted him.

“I will be quite frank. With me, King Victor is an obsession. I see him
everywhere. At this moment even I ask myself—this man who is talking
to me, this M. Cade, is he, perhaps, King Victor?”

“Good Lord,” said Anthony, “you have got it badly.”

“What do I care for the diamond? For the discovery of the murderer of
Prince Michael? I leave those affairs to my colleague of Scotland Yard
whose business it is. Me, I am in England for one purpose, and one
purpose only, to capture King Victor and to capture him red-handed.
Nothing else matters.”

“Think you’ll do it?” asked Anthony, lighting a cigarette.

“How should I know?” said Lemoine, with sudden despondency.

“H’m!” said Anthony.

They had regained the terrace. Superintendent Battle was standing near
the French window in a wooden attitude.

“Look at poor old Battle,” said Anthony. “Let’s go and cheer him up.”
He paused a minute, and said, “You know, you’re an odd fish in some
ways, M. Lemoine.”

“In what ways, M. Cade?”

“Well,” said Anthony, “in your place, I should have been inclined
to note down that address that I showed you. It may be of no
importance—quite conceivably. On the other hand, it might be very
important indeed.”

Lemoine looked at him for a minute or two steadily. Then, with a slight
smile, he drew back the cuff of his left coat sleeve. Pencilled on the
white shirt-cuff beneath were the words “Hurstmere, Langly Road, Dover.”

“I apologize,” said Anthony. “And I retire worsted.”

He joined Superintendent Battle.

“You look very pensive, Battle,” he remarked.

“I’ve got a lot to think about, Mr. Cade.”

“Yes, I expect you have.”

“Things aren’t dovetailing. They’re not dovetailing at all.”

“Very trying,” sympathized Anthony. “Never mind, Battle, if the worst
comes to the worst, you can always arrest me. You’ve got my guilty
footprints to fall back upon, remember.”

But the superintendent did not smile.

“Got any enemies here that you know of, Mr. Cade?” he asked.

“I’ve an idea that the third footman doesn’t like me,” replied
Anthony lightly. “He does his best to forget to han