ess. In exchange he’ll hand you a thousand
pounds.”

“What? It’s not the Memoirs? I understood that they’d been burnt.”

“What do you take me for?” demanded Anthony. “You don’t think I’d fall
for a story like that, do you? I rang up the publishers at once, found
out that the other was a fake call, and arranged accordingly. I made up
a dummy package as I’d been directed to do. But I put the real package
in the Manager’s safe and handed over the dummy. The Memoirs have never
been out of my possession.”

“Bully for you, my son,” said Jimmy.

“Oh, Anthony,” cried Virginia. “You’re not going to let them be
published?”

“I can’t help myself. I can’t let a pal like Jimmy down. But you
needn’t worry. I’ve had time to wade through them, and I see now why
people always hint that bigwigs don’t write their own reminiscences
but hire some one to do it for them. As a writer, Stylptitch is an
insufferable bore. He proses on about statecraft, and doesn’t go in for
any racy and indiscreet anecdotes. His ruling passion of secrecy held
strong to the end. There’s not a word in the Memoirs from beginning to
end to flutter the susceptibilities of the most difficult politician.
I rang up Balderson to-day, and arranged with him that I’d deliver the
manuscript to-night before midnight. But Jimmy can do his own dirty
work now that’s he’s here.”

“I’m off,” said Jimmy. “I like the idea of that thousand
pounds—especially when I’d made up my mind I was down and out.”

“Half a second,” said Anthony. “I’ve got a confession to make to you,
Virginia. Something that every one else knows, but that I haven’t yet
told you.”

“I don’t mind how many strange women you’ve loved so long as you don’t
tell me about them.”

“Women!” said Anthony, with a virtuous air. “Women indeed? You ask
James here what kind of women I was going about with last time he saw
me.”

“Frumps,” said Jimmy solemnly. “Utter frumps. Not one a day under
forty-five.”

“Thank you, Jimmy,” said Anthony, “you’re a true friend. No, it’s much
worse than that. I’ve deceived you as to my real name.”

“Is it very dreadful?” said Virginia, with interest. “It isn’t
something silly like Pobbles, is it? Fancy being called Mrs. Pobbles.”

“You are always thinking the worst of me.”

“I admit that I did once think you were King Victor, but only for about
a minute and a half.”

“By the way, Jimmy, I’ve got a job for you—gold prospecting in the
rocky fastnesses of Herzoslovakia.”

“Is there gold there?” asked Jimmy eagerly.

“Sure to be,” said Anthony. “It’s a wonderful country.”

“So you’re taking my advice and going there?”

“Yes,” said Anthony. “Your advice was worth more than you knew. Now
for the confession. I wasn’t changed at nurse, or anything romantic
like that, but nevertheless I am really Prince Nicholas Obolovitch of
Herzoslovakia.”

“Oh, Anthony,” cried Virginia. “How perfectly screaming! And I have
married you! What are we going to do about it?”

“We’ll go to Herzoslovakia and pretend to be Kings and Queens. Jimmy
McGrath once said that the average life of a King or Queen out there is
under four years. I hope you don’t mind?”

“Mind?” cried Virginia. “I shall love it!”

“Isn’t she great?” murmured Jimmy.

Then, discreetly, he faded into the night. A few minutes later the
sound of a car was heard.

“Nothing like letting a man do his own dirty work,” said Anthony, with
satisfaction. “Besides, I didn’t know how else to get rid of him. Since
we were married I’ve not had one minute alone with you.”

“We’ll have a lot of fun,” said Virginia. “Teaching the brigands not
to be brigands, and the assassins not to assassinate, and generally
improving the moral tone of the country.”

“I like to hear these pure ideals,” said Anthony. “It makes me feel my
sacrifice has not been in vain.”

“Rot,” said Virginia calmly, “you’ll enjoy being a King. It’s in your
blood, you know. You were brought up to the trade of Royalty, and
you’ve got a natural aptitude for it, just like plumbers have a natural
bent for plumbing.”

“I never think they have,” said Anthony. “But damn it all, don’t let’s
waste time talking about plumbers. Do you know that at this very
minute I’m supposed to be deep in conference with Isaacstein and old
Lollipop? They want to talk about oil. Oil, my God! They can just
await my kingly pleasure. Virginia, do you remember my telling you once
that I’d have a damned good try to make you care for me.”

“I remember,” said Virginia softly. “But Superintendent Battle was
lookin