ow me another, and I’ll jump out of it fast enough.”

McGrath poured out his own drink, tossed it off with a practised hand
and mixed a second one. Then he said slowly:

“Are you in earnest about that, old son?”

“About what?”

“Chucking this job of yours if you could get another?”

“Why? You don’t mean to say that you’ve got a job going begging? Why
don’t you grab it yourself?”

“I have grabbed it—but I don’t much fancy it, that’s why I’m trying to
pass it on to you.”

Anthony became suspicious.

“What’s wrong with it? They haven’t engaged you to teach in a Sunday
school, have they?”

“Do you think anyone would choose me to teach in a Sunday school?”

“Not if they knew you well, certainly.”

“It’s a perfectly good job—nothing wrong with it whatsoever.”

“Not in South America by any lucky chance? I’ve rather got my eye on
South America. There’s a very tidy little revolution coming off in one
of those little republics soon.”

McGrath grinned.

“You always were keen on revolutions—anything to be mixed up in a
really good row.”

“I feel my talents might be appreciated out there. I tell you, Jimmy,
I can be jolly useful in a revolution—to one side or the other. It’s
better than making an honest living any day.”

“I think I’ve heard that sentiment from you before, my son. No, the job
isn’t in South America—it’s in England.”

“England? Return of hero to his native land after many long years. They
can’t dun you for bills after seven years, can they, Jimmy?”

“I don’t think so. Well, are you on for hearing more about it?”

“I’m on all right. The thing that worries me is why you’re not taking
it on yourself.”

“I’ll tell you. I’m after gold, Anthony—far up in the interior.”

Anthony whistled and looked at him.

“You’ve always been after gold, Jimmy, ever since I knew you. It’s your
weak spot—your own particular little hobby. You’ve followed up more
wild-cat trails than anyone I know.”

“And in the end I’ll strike it. You’ll see.”

“Well, every one his own hobby. Mine’s rows, yours is gold.”

“I’ll tell you the whole story. I suppose you know all about
Herzoslovakia?”

Anthony looked up sharply.

“Herzoslovakia?” he said, with a curious ring in his voice.

“Yes. Know anything about it?”

There was quite an appreciable pause before Anthony answered. Then he
said slowly:

“Only what every one knows. It’s one of the Balkan States, isn’t it?
Principal rivers, unknown. Principal mountains, also unknown, but
fairly numerous. Capital, Ekarest. Population, chiefly brigands. Hobby,
assassinating Kings and having Revolutions. Last King, Nicholas IV.
Assassinated about seven years ago. Since then it’s been a Republic.
Altogether a very likely spot. You might have mentioned before that
Herzoslovakia came into it.”

“It doesn’t except indirectly.”

Anthony gazed at him more in sorrow than in anger.

“You ought to do something about this, James,” he said. “Take a
correspondence course, or something. If you’d told a story like this in
the good old Eastern days, you’d have been hung up by the heels and
bastinadoed or something equally unpleasant.”

Jimmy pursued his course quite unmoved by these strictures.

“Ever heard of Count Stylptitch?”

“Now you’re talking,” said Anthony. “Many people who have never heard
of Herzoslovakia would brighten at the mention of Count Stylptitch.
The Grand Old Man of the Balkans. The Greatest Statesman of Modern
Times. The biggest Villain unhung. The point of view all depends on
which newspaper you take in. But be sure of this, Count Stylptitch will
be remembered long after you and I are dust and ashes, James. Every
move and counter move in the Near East for the last twenty years has
had Count Stylptitch at the bottom of it. He’s been a dictator and a
patriot and a statesman—and nobody knows exactly what he has been,
except that he’s been a perfect King of intrigue. Well, what about him?”

“He was Prime Minister of Herzoslovakia—that’s why I mentioned it
first.”

“You’ve no sense of proportion, Jimmy. Herzoslovakia is of no
importance at all compared to Stylptitch. It just provided him with a
birthplace and a post in public affairs. But I thought he was dead?”

“So he is. He died in Paris about two months ago. What I’m telling you
about happened some years ago.”

“The question is,” said Anthony, “what _are_ you telling me about?”

Jimmy accepted the rebuke and hastened on.

“It was like this. I was in Paris—just four years ago, to be exact. I
was walking along one night in