e curtains.

“Daylight,” he said, with a slight yawn. “There won’t be any more
excitements now.”

Lemoine rose also.

“I will leave you,” he said. “We shall perhaps meet again later in the
day.”

With a graceful bow to Virginia, he stepped out of the window.

“Bed,” said Virginia, yawning. “It’s all been very exciting. Come on,
Bill, go to bed like a good little boy. The breakfast table will see us
not, I fear.”

Anthony stayed at the window looking after the retreating form of M.
Lemoine.

“You wouldn’t think it,” said Battle behind him, “but that’s supposed
to be the cleverest detective in France.”

“I don’t know that I wouldn’t,” said Anthony thoughtfully. “I rather
think I would.”

“Well,” said Battle, “he was right about the excitements of this night
being over. By the way, do you remember my telling you about that man
they’d found shot near Staines?”

“Yes. Why?”

“Nothing. They’ve identified him, that’s all. It seems he was called
Giuseppe Manelli. He was a waiter at the Blitz in London. Curious,
isn’t it?”




20

Battle and Anthony Confer


Anthony said nothing. He continued to stare out of the window.
Superintendent Battle looked for some time at his motionless back.

“Well, good night, sir,” he said at last, and moved to the door.

Anthony stirred.

“Wait a minute, Battle.”

The superintendent halted obediently. Anthony left the window. He drew
out a cigarette from his case and lighted it. Then, between two puffs
of smoke, he said:

“You seem very interested in this business at Staines?”

“I wouldn’t go as far as that, sir. It’s unusual, that’s all.”

“Do you think the man was shot where he was found, or do you think
he was killed elsewhere and the body brought to that particular spot
afterwards?”

“I think he was shot somewhere else, and the body brought there in a
car.”

“I think so too,” said Anthony.

Something in the emphasis of his tone made the detective look up
sharply.

“Any ideas of your own, sir? Do you know who brought him there?”

“Yes,” said Anthony. “I did.”

He was a little annoyed at the absolutely unruffled calm preserved by
the other.

“I must say you take these shocks very well, Battle,” he remarked.

“‘Never display emotion.’ That was a rule that was given to me once,
and I’ve found it very useful.”

“You live up to it, certainly,” said Anthony. “I can’t say I’ve ever
seen you ruffled. Well, do you want to hear the whole story?”

“If you please, Mr. Cade.”

Anthony pulled up two of the chairs, both men sat down, and Anthony
recounted the events of the preceding Thursday night.

Battle listened immovably. There was a far-off twinkle in his eyes as
Anthony finished.

“You know, sir,” he said, “You’ll get into trouble one of these days.”

“Then, for the second time, I’m not to be taken into custody?”

“We always like to give a man plenty of rope,” said Superintendent
Battle.

“Very delicately put,” said Anthony. “Without unduly stressing the end
of the proverb.”

“What I can’t quite make out, sir,” said Battle, “is why you decided to
come across with this now?”

“It’s rather difficult to explain,” said Anthony. “You see, Battle,
I’ve come to have really a very high opinion of your abilities. When
the moment comes, you’re always there. Look at to-night. And it
occurred to me that, in withholding this knowledge of mine, I was
seriously cramping your style. You deserve to have access to all the
facts. I’ve done what I could, and up to now I’ve made a mess of
things. Until to-night, I couldn’t speak for Mrs. Revel’s sake. But now
that those letters have been definitely proved to have nothing whatever
to do with her, any idea of her complicity becomes absurd. Perhaps
I advised her badly in the first place, but it struck me that her
statement of having paid this man money to suppress the letters, simply
as a whim, might take a bit of believing.”

“It might, by a jury,” agreed Battle. “Juries never have any
imagination.”

“But you accept it quite easily?” said Anthony, looking curiously at
him.

“Well, you see, Mr. Cade, most of my work has lain amongst these
people. What they call the upper classes, I mean. You see, the majority
of people are always wondering what the neighbours will think. But
tramps and aristocrats don’t—they just do the first thing that comes
into their heads, and they don’t bother to think what anyone thinks
of them. I’m not meaning just the idle rich, the people who give big
parties, and so on, I mean those that have had it 