those Oil concessions
are granted to another company you won’t be exactly pleased about it?”

“What’s the proposition?” asked the other, looking straight at him.

“A suitable claimant to the throne, full of pro-British sympathies.”

“Where have you got him?”

“That’s my business.”

Isaacstein acknowledged the retort by a slight smile, his glance had
grown hard and keen.

“The genuine article? I can’t stand for any funny business.”

“The absolute genuine article.”

“Straight?”

“Straight.”

“I’ll take your word for it.”

“You don’t seem to take much convincing?” said Anthony, looking
curiously at him.

Herman Isaacstein smiled.

“I shouldn’t be where I am now if I hadn’t learnt to know whether a man
is speaking the truth or not,” he replied simply. “What terms do you
want?”

“The same loan, on the same conditions, that you offered to Prince
Michael?”

“What about yourself?”

“For the moment, nothing, except that I want you to come down to
Chimneys to-night.”

“No,” said Isaacstein, with some decision. “I can’t do that.”

“Why?”

“Dining out—rather an important dinner.”

“All the same, I’m afraid you’ll have to cut it out—for your own sake.”

“What do you mean?”

Anthony looked at him for a full minute before he said slowly:

“Do you know that they’ve found the revolver, the one Michael was shot
with? Do you know where they found it? In your suit-case.”

“What?”

Isaacstein almost leapt from his chair. His face was frenzied.

“What are you saying? What do you mean?”

“I’ll tell you.”

Very obligingly, Anthony narrated the occurrences in connection with
the finding of the revolver. As he spoke the other’s face assumed a
greyish tinge of absolute terror.

“But it’s false,” he screamed out, as Anthony finished. “I never put it
there. I know nothing about it. It is a plot.”

“Don’t excite yourself,” said Anthony soothingly. “If that’s the case
you’ll easily be able to prove it.”

“Prove it? How can I prove it?”

“If I were you,” said Anthony gently, “I’d come to Chimneys to-night.”

Isaacstein looked at him doubtfully.

“You advise it?”

Anthony leant forward and whispered to him. The financier fell back in
amazement, staring at him.

“You actually mean——”

“Come and see,” said Anthony.




27

The 13th of October (contd.)


The clock in the Council Chamber struck nine.

“Well,” said Lord Caterham, with a deep sigh. “Here they all are, just
like little Bo Peep’s flock, back again and wagging their tails behind
them.”

He looked sadly round the room.

“Organ grinder complete with monkey,” he murmured, fixing the Baron
with his eye. “Nosy Parker of Throgmorton Street——”

“I think you’re rather unkind to the Baron,” protested Bundle, to whom
these confidences were being poured out. “He told me that he considered
you the perfect example of English hospitality amongst the _haute
noblesse_.”

“I daresay,” said Lord Caterham. “He’s always saying things like that.
It makes him most fatiguing to talk to. But I can tell you I’m not
nearly as much of the hospitable English gentleman as I was. As soon
as I can, I shall let Chimneys to an enterprising American, and go and
live in an hotel. There, if anyone worries you, you can just ask for
your bill and go.”

“Cheer up,” said Bundle. “We seem to have lost Mr. Fish for good.”

“I always found him rather amusing,” said Lord Caterham, who was in a
contradictory temper. “It’s that precious young man of yours who has
let me in for this. Why should I have this Board meeting called in my
house? Why doesn’t he rent The Larches or Elmhurst, or some nice villa
residence like that at Streatham, and hold his company meetings there?”

“Wrong atmosphere,” said Bundle.

“No one is going to play any tricks on us, I hope?” said her father
nervously. “I don’t trust that French fellow, Lemoine. The French
police are up to all sorts of dodges. Put India-rubber bands round
your arm, and then reconstruct the crime and make you jump, and it’s
registered on a thermometer. I know that when they call out ‘Who
killed Prince Michael?’ I shall register a hundred and twenty-two, or
something perfectly frightful, and they’ll haul me off to gaol at once.”

The door opened and Tredwell announced:

“Mr. George Lomax. Mr. Eversleigh.”

“Enter Codders, followed by faithful dog,” murmured Bundle.

Bill made a bee-line for her, whilst George greeted Lord Caterham in
the genial manner he assumed for public occasions.

“My dear Caterham,” said George, shaking him