his whole figure stiffen. His voice, when he spoke,
had altered. It was terse and curt.

“Mrs. Revel,” he said, “have you ever seen this pistol before?”

“No,” said Virginia wonderingly.

“Are you sure of that?”

“Quite sure.”

“Have you a pistol of your own?”

“No.”

“Have you ever had one?”

“No, never.”

“You are sure of that?”

“Quite sure.”

He stared at her steadily for a minute, and Virginia stared back in
complete surprise at his tone.

Then, with a sigh, he relaxed.

“That’s odd,” he said. “How do you account for this?”

He held out the pistol. It was a small, dainty article, almost a
toy—though capable of doing deadly work. Engraved on it was the name
Virginia.

“Oh, it’s impossible!” cried Virginia.

Her astonishment was so genuine that Anthony could but believe in it.

“Sit down,” he said quietly. “There’s more in this than there seemed
to be first go off. To begin with, what’s our hypothesis? There are
only two possible ones. There is, of course, the real Virginia of the
letters. She may have somehow or other tracked him down, shot him,
dropped the pistol, stolen the letters, and taken herself off. That’s
quite possible, isn’t it?”

“I suppose so,” said Virginia unwillingly.

“The other hypothesis is a good deal more interesting. Whoever wished
to kill Giuseppe, wished also to incriminate you—in fact that may have
been their main object. They could get _him_ easily enough anywhere,
but they took extraordinary pains and trouble to get him _here_, and
whoever they were they knew all about you, your cottage at Datchet,
your usual household arrangements, and the fact that you were at
Ranelagh this afternoon. It seems an absurd question, but have you any
enemies, Mrs. Revel?”

“Of course I haven’t—not that kind, anyway.”

“The question is,” said Anthony, “what are we going to do now? There
are two courses open to us. A: Ring up the police, tell the whole
story, and trust to your unassailable position in the world and
your hitherto blameless life. B: An attempt on my part to dispose
successfully of the body. Naturally my private inclinations urge me
to B. I’ve always wanted to see if I couldn’t conceal a crime with
the necessary cunning, but have had a squeamish objection to shedding
blood. On the whole, I expect A’s the soundest. Then there’s a sort of
bowdlerized A. Ring up the police, etc., but suppress the pistol and
the blackmailing letters—that is, if they are on him still.”

Anthony ran rapidly through the dead man’s pockets.

“He’s been stripped clean,” he announced. “There’s not a thing on him.
There’ll be dirty work at the crossroads over those letters yet. Hullo,
what’s this? Hole in the lining—something got caught there, torn
roughly out, and a scrap of paper left behind.”

He drew out the scrap of paper as he spoke, and brought it over to the
light. Virginia joined him.

“Pity we haven’t got the rest of it,” he muttered. “_Chimneys 11.45
Thursday_—Sounds like an appointment.”

“Chimneys?” cried Virginia. “How extraordinary!”

“Why extraordinary? Rather high toned for such a low fellow?”

“I’m going to Chimneys this evening. At least I was.”

Anthony wheeled round on her.

“What’s that? Say that again.”

“I was going to Chimneys this evening,” repeated Virginia.

Anthony stared at her.

“I begin to see. At least, I may be wrong—but it’s an idea. Suppose
some one wanted badly to prevent your going to Chimneys?”

“My cousin George Lomax does,” said Virginia with a smile. “But I can’t
seriously suspect George of murder.”

Anthony did not smile. He was lost in thought.

“If you ring up the police, it’s good-bye to any idea of getting to
Chimneys to-day—or even to-morrow. And I should like you to go to
Chimneys. I fancy it will disconcert our unknown friends. Mrs. Revel,
will you put yourself in my hands?”

“It’s to be Plan B, then?”

“It’s to be Plan B. The first thing is to get that maid of yours out of
the house. Can you manage that?”

“Easily.”

Virginia went out in the hall and called up the stairs.

“Élise. Élise.”

“Madame?”

Anthony heard a rapid colloquy, and then the front door opened and
shut. Virginia came back into the room.

“She’s gone. I sent her for some special scent—told her the shop in
question was open until eight. It won’t be, of course. She’s to follow
after me by the next train without coming back here.”

“Good,” said Anthony approvingly. “We can now proceed to the disposal
of the body. It’s a time-worn method, but I’m afraid I shall 