n hour ago.”

“I never sent any telegram. What did it say?”

“I believe it is still on the table _là-bas_.”

Élise retired, pounced upon it, and brought it to her mistress in
triumph.

“_Voilà_, madame!”

The telegram was addressed to Chilvers and ran as follows:

“Please take household down to cottage at once, and make preparations
for week-end party there. Catch 5.49 train.”

There was nothing unusual about it, it was just the sort of message she
herself had frequently sent before, when she had arranged a party at
her riverside bungalow on the spur of the moment. She always took the
whole household down, leaving an old woman as caretaker. Chilvers would
not have seen anything wrong with the message, and like a good servant
had carried out his orders faithfully enough.

“Me, I remained,” explained Élise, “knowing that madame would wish me
to pack for her.”

“It’s a silly hoax,” cried Virginia, flinging down the telegram
angrily. “You know perfectly well, Élise, that I am going to Chimneys.
I told you so this morning.”

“I thought madame had changed her mind. Sometimes that does happen,
does it not, madame?”

Virginia admitted the truth of the accusation with a half smile. She
was busy trying to find a reason for this extraordinary practical joke.
Élise cut forward a suggestion.

“_Mon Dieu!_” she cried, clasping her hands. “If it should be the
malefactors, the thieves! They send the bogus telegram and get the
_domestiques_ all out of the house, and then they rob it.”

“I suppose that might be it,” said Virginia doubtfully.

“Yes, yes, madame, that is it without a doubt. Every day you read in
the papers of such things. Madame will ring up the police at once—at
once—before they arrive and cut our throats.”

“Don’t get so excited, Élise. They won’t come and cut our throats at
six o’clock in the afternoon.”

“Madame, I implore you, let me run out and fetch a policeman now, at
once.”

“What on earth for? Don’t be silly, Élise. Go up and pack my things
for Chimneys if you haven’t already done it. The new Cailleuax evening
dress, and the white crêpe marocain, and—yes, the black velvet—black
velvet is so political, is it not?”

“Madame looks ravishing in the eau de nil satin,” suggested Élise, her
professional instincts reasserting themselves.

“No, I won’t take that. Hurry up, Élise, there’s a good girl. We’ve got
very little time. I’ll send a wire to Chilvers at Datchet, and I’ll
speak to the policeman on the beat as we go out and tell him to keep an
eye on the place. Don’t start rolling your eyes again, Élise—if you
get so frightened before anything has happened, what would you do if a
man jumped out from some dark corner and stuck a knife into you?”

Élise gave vent to a shrill squeak, and beat a speedy retreat up the
stairs, darting nervous glances over each shoulder as she went.

Virginia made a face at her retreating back, and crossed the hall to
the little study where the telephone was. Élise’s suggestion of ringing
up the police station seemed to her a good one, and she intended to act
upon it without any further delay.

She opened the study door and crossed to the telephone. Then, with
her hand on the receiver, she stopped. A man was sitting in the big
arm-chair, sitting in a curious huddled position. In the stress of the
moment, she had forgotten all about her expected visitor. Apparently he
had fallen asleep whilst waiting for her.

She came right up to the chair, a slightly mischievous smile upon her
face. And then suddenly the smile faded.

The man was not asleep. _He was dead._

She knew it at once, knew it instinctively even before her eyes had
seen and noted the small shining pistol lying on the floor, the
little-singed hole just above the heart with the dark stain round it,
and the horrible dropped jaw.

She stood quite still, her hands pressed to her sides. In the silence
she heard Élise running down the stairs.

“Madame! Madame!”

“Well, what is it?”

She moved quickly to the door. Her whole instinct was to conceal what
had happened—for the moment anyway—from Élise. Élise would promptly
go into hysterics, she knew that well enough, and she felt a great need
for calm and quiet in which to think things out.

“Madame, would it not be better if I should draw the chain across the
door? These malefactors, at any minute they may arrive.”

“Yes, if you like. Anything you like.”

She heard the rattle of the chain, and then Élise running upstairs
again, and drew a long breath of relief.
