n only get rid of Fish too,” continued Lord Caterham, his
spirits rising.

“I thought you liked talking to him about your mouldy old books.”

“So I do, so I do. So I did, rather. But it gets monotonous when
one finds that one is always doing all the talking. Fish is very
interested, but he never volunteers any statements of his own.”

“It’s better than doing all the listening,” said Bundle. “Like one does
with George Lomax.”

Lord Caterham shuddered at the remembrance.

“George is all very well on platforms,” said Bundle. “I’ve clapped
him myself, though of course I know all the time that he’s talking
balderdash. And anyway I’m a Socialist——”

“I know, my dear, I know,” said Lord Caterham hastily.

“It’s all right,” said Bundle. “I’m not going to bring politics into
the house. That’s what George does—public speaking in private life. It
ought to be abolished by Act of Parliament.”

“Quite so,” said Lord Caterham.

“What about Virginia?” asked Bundle. “Is she to be asked to stop on?”

“Battle said everybody.”

“Says he firmly! Have you asked her to be my stepma yet?”

“I don’t think it would be any good,” said Lord Caterham mournfully.
“Although she did call me a darling last night. But that’s the worst of
these attractive young women with affectionate dispositions. They’ll
say anything, and they mean absolutely nothing by it.”

“No,” agreed Bundle. “It would have been much more hopeful if she’d
thrown a boot at you or tried to bite you.”

“You modern young people seem to have such unpleasant ideas about
love-making,” said Lord Caterham plaintively.

“It comes from reading _The Sheik_,” said Bundle. “Desert love. Throw
her about, etc.”

“What is _The Sheik_?” asked Lord Caterham simply. “Is it a poem?”

Bundle looked at him with commiserating pity. Then she rose and kissed
the top of his head.

“Dear old Daddy,” she remarked, and sprang lightly out of the window.

Lord Caterham went back to the Sale Rooms.

He jumped when addressed suddenly by Mr. Hiram Fish, who had made his
usual noiseless entry.

“Good morning, Lord Caterham.”

“Oh, good morning,” said Lord Caterham. “Good morning. Nice day.”

“The weather is delightful,” said Mr. Fish.

He helped himself to coffee. By way of food, he took a piece of dry
toast.

“Do I hear correctly that the embargo is removed?” he asked after a
minute or two. “That we are all free to depart?”

“Yes—er—yes,” said Lord Caterham. “As a matter of fact, I hoped, I
mean that I shall be delighted”—his conscience drove him on—“only too
delighted if you will stay on for a little.”

“Why, Lord Caterham——”

“It’s been a beastly visit, I know,” Lord Caterham hurried on. “Too
bad. Shan’t blame you for wanting to run away.”

“You misjudge me, Lord Caterham. The associations have been painful,
no one could deny that point. But the English country life, as lived
in the mansions of the great, has a powerful attraction for me. I am
interested in the study of those conditions. It is a thing we lack
completely in America. I shall be only too delighted to accept your
vurry kind invitation and stay on.”

“Oh, well,” said Lord Caterham, “that’s that. Absolutely delighted, my
dear fellow, absolutely delighted.”

Spurring himself on to a false geniality of manner, Lord Caterham
murmured something about having to see his bailiff and escaped from the
room.

In the hall, he saw Virginia just descending the staircase.

“Shall I take you into breakfast?” asked Lord Caterham tenderly.

“I’ve had it in bed, thank you. I was frightfully sleepy this morning.”

She yawned.

“Had a bad night, perhaps?”

“Not exactly a bad night. From one point of view decidedly a good
night. Oh, Lord Caterham”—she slipped her hand inside his arm and
gave it a squeeze—“I _am_ enjoying myself. You were a darling to ask
me down.”

“You’ll stop on for a bit, then, won’t you? Battle is lifting the—the
embargo, but I want you to stay particularly. So does Bundle.”

“Of course I’ll stay. It’s sweet of you to ask me.”

“Ah!” said Lord Caterham.

He sighed.

“What is your secret sorrow?” asked Virginia. “Has anyone bitten you?”

“That’s just it,” said Lord Caterham mournfully.

Virginia looked puzzled.

“You don’t feel, by any chance, that you want to throw a boot at me?
No, I can see you don’t. Oh, well, it’s of no consequence.”

Lord Caterham drifted sadly away, and Virginia passed out through a
side door into the garden.

She stood there for a moment, breathing in the crisp October air which
wa